The weather is the last truly wild thing on Earth.
We can't predict it and we can't control it.
I'm Donal Maclntyre, and I'm going to journey around the world to seek out the wildest weather there is.
In this series, I'm going to experience the fastest winds on Earth.
136 miles an hour.
The awesome cycle of water around the planet.
I've been for...
I can't talk!
I'm going to take a ride into the cold heart of winter.
An adventure, I agree, but it gives you a once-in-a-lifetime view of the top of the wo-o-o-rld!
I'll experience the dark side of summer.
There's 1.5 million volts hitting my finger right now.
I'm going to get blasted... roasted... soaked and frozen because I want to understand how weather works, the awesome forces that drive it... and how it affects us all.
I'll meet those who survived the worst it gets and try to understand why the weather is changing... and what that means for the future.
It's going to be the ride of a lifetime.
This is..."Wild Weather"!
Our Earth is vast - 24,500 miles around - but all our weather takes place within this thin blue streak.
And it's through that thin blue streak that I'm about to go, to the very top of the weather.
Donal hi.
Are you ready for this?
Even in a jet, it takes a day to circle the earth, but I can fly through the weather in just a few minutes if I go straight up.
D316 Bravo.
Pilot Two cleared for take-off.
Right around here, about a mile or so up, is where the rain clouds start.
This is where it all comes from.
For the next few miles, all those billions of gallons float in the clouds waiting to turn into rain.
But thankfully they don't go on for ever.
So if you want a bit of sunshine, all you do is this.
For every mile we climb, the air cools by 17 degrees Celsius.
From here, at about five miles, you can look down on a thunderstorm, look into the eye of a hurricane, or even hitch a ride with the jet stream, the fastest wind on Earth.
And this is it - six and a half miles up.
The weather stops here.
Up this high, the air stops cooling and remains a constant minus 50 degrees Celsius.
All the moisture in the air has dried out.
This freezing layer of dry air is called the tropopause.
It acts as a lid, trapping all our weather below.
Way above, you enter the stratosphere, an almost completely weather-free zone.
And beyond it, space.
It's amazing to think that below me is every kind of weather imaginable.
We'll start the series by taking a journey with the winds.
In the next hour, I'm going to experience everything from a breeze to the fury of a tornado.
In just a few heart-stopping moments,
I'm going to be back down there to see how it all begins.
Take it away, Barry!
Wooh!
Having shot to the top of the weather, I thought I'd take the easy way down.
Below me is the equator and the start of my journey with wind.
And this... is where it all begins.
This is where the wind is actually born.
It's hot - damned hot.
And what's really strange is there's no wind.
And that's because this... is the doldrums.
So how is it that there are no winds where the winds are born?
The doldrums are basically a narrow strip of complete calm, five to ten degrees either side of the equator.
The intense energy of the sun heats the air, which rises in huge columns, sucking in powerful surface winds from north and south.
The only movement of air is up, so the areas underneath remain calm and windless.
This rising air is the first movement of a massive global wind cycle which will take it right across the world.
To follow the start of the wind's journey, follow this.
Down here at sea level, my leaf drifts lazily until it is lifted up by the rising warm air.
Way above, a huge pattern emerges.
The world's winds are locked into an endless cycle.
If you could see it, it would look something like this.
Warm air rises from the equator and hits the tropopause.
It then slides north and south before sinking back down to Earth and returning to the equator as the winds we feel on land or sea.
This process then repeats itself in a further two enormous wind cycles both north and south.
These six wind cells constantly try to balance the temperature between the freezing poles and the sweltering equator.
Think of it as the earth's air conditioning system.
If it didn't exist, the poles would be 25 degrees colder and the equator would be 14 degrees hotter.
And all this from a place of dead calm.
In the days of sail, being adrift in the doldrums was every sailor's nightmare.
Water on board was limited.
When that was gone, so were your chances of survival.
Stuck here alone with just my book is how countless sailors must have found themselves.
We came across a calm so endless that we saw no end in it - except death.
That's how one sailor remembered it.
Nowadays, it's hard to imagine the torture of waiting for the wind sailors endured.
But of course, if you survived long enough, the winds would come again.
That's because the doldrums follow the seasons.
As summertime moves from the northern to the southern hemisphere, the areas of intense heat that create the doldrums moves south, dragging them with it.
Then the winds created by that huge global system eventually return.
I can feel that breeze now.
Let's get outta here!
Every wind on Earth begins its cycle here.
To see what they can do, I'm off to experience all I can of this invisible force, from the fury of a tornado to the terrifying gales of the Pacific Ocean;
from the icy blasts of an Arctic morning and the cooling breeze of a summer day.
To get an idea of what to expect, I have to go underground.
Wind is measured by the force it exerts on an object.
Today, that object is going to be me.
This place can produce wind speeds in excess of 200 miles an hour.
It's funnel-shaped, so the wind speed increases as the air gets squeezed.
Up there, where I will stand, the wind is seven times faster than down here.
So it's a great place to feel the full force of it.
The speed of wind is measured using the Beaufort scale.
This is Force 2 - about six to ten miles an hour.
It feels like the gentle breeze of a summer's day.
But at 25 to 30 miles per hour, things are picking up.
This is Force 6, a strong breeze where big trees sway and you have to fight your umbrellas.
At 40 miles an hour
- Force 8 - it's getting tough to stand up.
A few miles an hour more and there'll be slight damage to your house.
Tree branches are already breaking.
But once you hit Force 9, things are getting really stormy.
50 miles an hour, a good gale, trees and power lines down, houses damaged.
But I'm still standing, as you can see.
It's taking my full weight.
In a wind tunnel, it might look like fun, but in nature, winds of this speed are deadly, and we call them hurricanes.
The people of Dade County, Florida, know about living through a hurricane.
In 1992, Hurricane Andrew changed their lives for ever.
A devastation, a tragedy like this coming into an area just shakes up people's lives for years and years to come.
The nightmare began on Friday August 14.
Like all hurricanes, Andrew began life off the coast of Africa in the warm waters of the tropical Atlantic.
Hot humid air rose up to create several thunderstorms around an area of low pressure.
Because of the earth's rotation, the storms rushed into the low pressure area in an anti-clockwise direction, like water down a plughole.
This spun them all into one enormous system which was driven across the ocean by powerful winds.
4,000 miles away in the United States, the swirling mass of thunderstorms had already been spotted.
They'd not yet formed a hurricane, but they were seen as a potential killer and were being closely monitored by hurricane experts.
One of them, Stanley Goldenberg, had flown through many hurricanes, but this time his experience was going to be very different.
I was asked to fly Hurricane Andrew and would have loved to go and fly but I said, "My wife's expecting, no." We didn't dream what would happen.
Andrew continued to build.
Like all tropical storms, it was fuelled by heat.
Warm water vapour in the cloud is attracted to minute particles like salt or pollen, causing the water vapour to condense.
This process, changing from a gas to a liquid, releases heat and in a storm the size of Andrew, the result is vast billowing updraughts which suck in more moisture from the sea's surface, creating more rain and heat, driving the wind speed higher and higher.
By Thursday morning, as the energy within the storm grew, the wind speeds accelerated to over 75 miles per hour.
Andrew was now officially a hurricane.
On Friday, the hurricane watchers saw Andrew weaken and turn away from Florida.
We thought it would move out to sea.
The Miami Herald said, 'Andrew moves out to sea. " Don't we wishl
By Saturday morning, Andrew was gaining strength.
The eye of the hurricane hit the Bahamas with wind speeds of up to 122 miles per hour.
Florida lay just ten hours ahead.
Andrew was now 100 miles across.
The outer edges were already lashing the Florida coast.
Having spent years studying hurricanes from the safety of his desk, a bizarre twist of fate meant Stanley, his family and new baby were about to become victims of Andrew.
This is our house calmly waiting for Hurricane Andrew.
Trapped at home, he hoped the eye of the hurricane would pass to the north.
I was in denial. "This isn't happening."
I was dealing with a new baby and with a hurricanel
If you can see, it's the beginnings of Andrew.
This is just one little squall.
We have much more to go.
Sunday 23rd August.
We're going to weather it out.
- "Hi, Daniell" - "Hil"
Boy, did you hear that?
I don't know if a video will pick up anything out there, but it's coming.
People talk about a tornado as sounding like a freight train or plane going by.
This was like that but seemed to get louder and louder.
It is blowing out there.
I've never seen anything like it before.
We can feel our ears constantly pop.
The winds outside are at least 110 mph.
Aaron, are you OK?
The highest winds in a hurricane are found around the wall of the eye, the outer edge of the black ring.
At 4.35 on Sunday morning, the deadly eye wall of Andrew hit Dade County at 175 miles an hour, destroying the radar that produced these images.
People asked did I hear the roof rip off.
Something hit the kitchen or living room wall and it fell on us.
Things pressed down on us in a tiny space.
The water level was rising.
Things were getting louder and noisier and we thought we were going to die.
When the roof gave and we were in the most terrifying situation during the worst part of the storm, we were pinned under the wall right there.
It fell on top of us and pinned us there.
The kids crying, us crying, thanking God that we were all safe.
Hallelujah...
Hallelujah.
It shakes me when I see the film.
I think, "These poor guys don't know what's gonna happen. "
A few blocks away from Stanley's house, a neighbourhood of pre-fab houses sat on the edge of the eye of the storm.
The lightweight structures had no chance.
This is the worst.
This is a trailer park "at about 13"7"th and 152nd."
There's many trailer parks in this area.
This is another typical street.
Everything total rubble.
For some people, the worst wind they've experienced is a strong thunderstorm.
They've seen 50-mile-an-hour gusts where power lines or trees go down.
Well the force of Andrew was almost 15 to 20 times that kind of force.
Hurricane Andrew terrorised the people of Florida for six hours, and by morning, 23 people had lost their lives.
High above the coast of Florida is a wind even faster than a hurricane.
It's one of the fastest on Earth.
It's called the jet stream - a massive river of wind 125 miles wide that circles the whole planet at up to 200-300 miles an hour.
To get an idea of what that feels like, it's back to the wind tunnel.
This is attached to an anchor point in the ceiling.
This is to make sure that if the wind takes you off your feet, you'll be OK.
It's a record attempt.
No one's stood the speed of a jet stream here before.
Lucky me (!
)
We'll aim for the speed of the jet stream.
We can do it.
If it's too dangerous, obviously still do it!
- If it's too dangerous...
- Y"ou're a braver man than mel"
The jet stream wind we'll try to reproduce down here was first discovered through an ingenious act of war.
The story begins in Oregon in 1945 during the Second World War.
A party of schoolchildren found a strange object.
As they played with it, it exploded, killing them all.
Similar objects were also found along the west coast of the USA and Canada.
Closer inspection showed they were Japanese bombs, carried by huge paper balloons.
Canadian bomb disposal expert Bert Day got a close-up look.
This is one quarter of the chandelier that hung below the big paper bag that held up all the bombs.
It's so hard to believe - complicated as hell but it worked pretty well.
(NEWSREEL) This is one of the Japanese paper balloons, identified by the code name 'paper".
Blown by the winds, the bombs could land anywhere.
The military became worried about the panic that might develop if the public knew they were Japanese.
To cover it up, we blamed it on the Royal Canadian Air Force.
We said that they were flying by and the damn thing fell out of the plane.
"Those stupid bastardsl" We blamed it on them and got away with it.
The mystery was how the balloons were getting from Japan to the USA.
A balloon that size could only travel for four or five hundred miles, and Japan was over four-and-a-half thousand miles away.
The Japanese had already discovered a fast-flowing stream of wind after flying across the Pacific towards the USA in just half the time it took them to get back.
Not until after the war would the true nature of this wind be revealed.
The Japanese had devised a cheap and effective way of bombing the USA by harnessing their knowledge - a brilliant idea.
Launched from three sites in Japan, an ingenious system of weights, altimeters and timers carried the balloons up to 50,000 feet until they entered what we now call the jet stream.
Caught in the flow, they were whisked across the Pacific and timed to drop onto the USA and Canada.
Down they'd come and - whammol - they'd be in the trees or wherever, with the damn bombs hanging on them.
The Japanese discovery of the jet stream meant America was defenceless against this ingenious airborne attack.
There was nothing we could do.
It was quite a design.
Pretty smart.
The Japs were sharp.
Despite the huge distance, over 1,000 balloon bombs reached North America, but in the end only six people were ever killed.
Today, the jet streams are used for much more benign reasons - if you can ever find one.
For world record-holding balloonists Brian Jones and Bertrand Picard, finding the jet stream became a matter of life and death.
Starting in Switzerland, the plan was to be the first balloon to circumnavigate the earth.
They hoped to do it by flying within the jet streams.
In a balloon, we can't see the jet stream or know where it is, so we have to use meteorologists.
We had two meteorologists working full time doing something like 10,000 calculations every day just to try and track the jet stream.
There are actually five jet streams at between six and nine miles up.
They mark the boundaries between the wind cells.
Low pressure air rises from the equator and meets high pressure air from the poles.
Where they converge, a spinning unpredictable tube of air is created.
It's the free ride that the jet stream provides that made Jones and Picard so desperate to find the right one.
It was just incredible watching the speed build up.
I remember thinking, "I have no idea who's flying this balloon,
"but please carry on, you're doing a grand job. " It was that feeling.
That's what the jet stream did for us.
We'd gone around the world, crossed the Pacific, with just the Atlantic to go.
And this is where it all began to go wrong.
After 14 days, they'd travelled nearly three-quarters of the way around the world before the jet stream suddenly abandoned them.
It suddenly disappeared.
It's like the fingers on a hand.
It fragments.
We had to drop down really low and get out of this and simply wait for the next jet stream to form.
All the pundits thought we'd never cross the Atlantic, and so did we.
Faced with the threat of ditching in freezing, hostile seas, five days from the nearest help, the outlook appeared bleak.
It's horribly slow - only 21 knots at the moment.
We're right out in the middle of nowhere and not going very fast.
Five agonising days passed.
This was no longer a race for a world record.
It was a desperate bid to stay alive.
And then, the jet stream reappeared.
But to get back into it meant climbing higher and using precious fuel.
The balloon was getting lighter - we'd thrown out stuff to make us lighter - we were able to push and push to get as high as we possibly could.
When we got to that altitude in the core of the jet stream,
"suddenly we weren't doing" 7"0 miles" an hour, it was 120, 130 and building.
And we shot across the Atlantic in the core of this jet stream wind.
We just looked at each other and thought, "This is just fantasticl"
There was no question of us not making the finishing line.
And we didl
We've done itl
From take-off to touchdown in North Africa, around the world in just 21 days.
I'm now ready for my own record-breaking attempt - the speed of the jet stream.
The tunnel can do it.
The question is, can I?
No one has withstood much more than 100 miles per hour in here.
Not yet, anyway.
Off!
Enough!
Enough!
Nowhere near the speed of a jet stream.
But the guys tell me I'm the first to withstand even this.
I wouldn't recommend it, though!
I feel as though I've been massaged by 100 sumo wrestlers!
Oh, dear!
An avalanche of wind just piercing your whole body.
The movement of your hands sends your body all the way over here.
In the real world, it's nothing like this.
No safety lines, no controlled environment.
It's a nightmare.
This was just the equivalent of an average hurricane or small tornado.
Without protection, I can't imagine what it'd be like. Incomprehensible.
136 is tough, but Chad Urwin has been within six inches of a 300-miles-per-hour wind and survived... when this tornado went over his head.
That's double the speed I've just tried.
Nature's winds are always savagely unpredictable.
We were watching the news and heard about the tornado coming out of the south-west.
It came from that direction, about a mile and a half wide.
Y"ou could see the tornado" sitting on the top of the hill.
It sat there for a minute then moved right.
It picked up a 26,000-square-foot church and spun it round completely.
It turned it upside down and slammed it to the ground like Tinker toys.
We came over here.
We were pelted by gravel coming at about 100 miles an hour.
My son started wavering like he was gonna be blown into the pond.
We ran this way.
We got in here.
All of us got in here.
We walked on our knees until we got to the centre.
Then we rode the tornado out while we sat in here.
So how does a wind spin itself into such a concentrated killer?
The exact mechanism is still unclear.
But it seems our friend the jet stream plays a part.
Tornadoes form in huge rotating thunderstorms known as super-cells.
These can rise as much as eight miles into the sky, and as they grow upwards they encounter the jet streams.
These fast high-level rivers of wind suck air out of the top of the storm, causing more air to be sucked in at the bottom.
This creates turbulence within the storm that causes the air within it to roll over itself.
The result is a horizontal spinning vortex of air.
Strong updraughts push the vortex into a tube and can force it downwards.
When it touches the earth, a twister is born.
The consequences can be lethal.
I feel sorry for the others that lost loved ones.
As I got out of the tin horn I saw a boy and his mother trying to get into the bathroom.
I said, "Where's your mother?"
He said, "The tornado just sucked her out of my hand. "
She didn't make it.
She died that night.
After the storm, evidence emerged that vehicles and even people had been sucked up into the tornado and carried vast distances.
Chad was one of the few survivors to witness the results.
A van and a pick-up came here from Verdon, Oklahoma, 55 miles away.
The guy who was supposedly dropped in this pond came from 30 miles away.
The tornado that ripped through Chad's neighbourhood is rare, known as an F5, the most powerful on the Fujita scale.
It contained the fastest winds ever recorded - a staggering 318 miles an hour.
At these speeds, wind can rip the tarmac from a road.
The force on the ground is the same as the shockwave from a nuclear bomb.
My wife said, "How's the house?" I said, "What house?"
She said, "Don't joke." I said, "I'm not."
I said, 'Johnson's house isn't here, our house isn't here.
"Nothing, there isn't nothing out here. "
It breaks your heart to find a piece of something that belonged to you.
I walk on the hill when it rains to look for things that belonged to me.
Every once in a while I get lucky and find something.
The little town of Bridge Creek, south of Oklahoma City, was worst affected.
In just 15 minutes, the twister had devastated the community, and in the hours that followed, survivors struggled to the school gym, one of the few remaining buildings.
What have we got here?
Their injuries were horrific.
The twister had thrown tons of metal, wood and glass into the air with the power of a machine gun.
The survivors bore all the hallmarks.
Even mud and flecks of dirt had been driven at such high speeds that they'd been forced deep into the skin.
In an area of less than two square miles, ten of their neighbours had been killed.
The next day, the damage became clear.
The Bridge Creek tornado had mown a vast strip 20 miles long through the town and surrounding hills.
In all, 65 tornadoes hit the Oklahoma region that day.
42 people died and nearly 3,500 homes were destroyed in just 11 hours.
There were several people killed by that tornado.
People like the Darnells that lived here on the hill.
Kelly Cox lost her mother up there.
The Underwoods lived over the hill here.
Those people will always haunt me.
I hope I never go through anything like that again.
Once is enough.
When a powerful wind hits an object on land, it unleashes some of its energy - a house pulverised or a forest laid flat.
But when the wind hits the water, the transfer of energy can be awesome.
Wind creates friction on any surface.
But the largest on the planet is the ocean which covers over 70% of it.
So it's no surprise to find the friction between wind and water has amazing results.
Hawaii is the best place to test the enormous energy generated by the friction between the two.
The folks here are world experts at harnessing it in any way they can.
With just a few metres of nylon and a 20-mile-an-hour breeze, the power of the wind can be turned to a maximum-strength adrenaline buzz.
Champion kite surfer Marigold Zoll claims she can get me airborne in a single afternoon.
It can't be that difficult - it's only a kite, after all.
If you double the wind speed, you get four times the force.
So add another few miles an hour to the wind speed against my kite now and in theory there'd be enough power to lift the average family car.
However, it seems today that's not going to work for me.
So we're getting a bigger kite?
- Y"eah."
- I'm heavy and we need some air.
- That's the real reason, isn't it?
- "That's right."
Bit of a ballerina about me out there.
- Very smooth.
- Y"ou were on your toes."
Am I a bit too smug for a beginner?
We'll see how you do on the board.
Just as wind pushes against my kite, it also pushes against the water.
The result is waves.
But getting onto them is not as easy as it looks.
A few tiddly Hawaiian waves can eat you in and spit you out, so imagine what the whoppers can do.
When you think of the chaotic way that waves are born, it's a wonder there's any order to them.
In fact, every ocean has its own unique wave rhythm.
You can tell the size of an ocean by the number of times a wave breaks in a single minute.
Here in Hawaii, you get about seven crashing ashore every 60 seconds.
And over here, 10,500 miles to the east, on the far shore of the Atlantic, on the Irish coast, you get... eight waves a minute.
But if I go back there 5,000 miles... over to the smaller Gulf of Mexico, you count many more waves per minute.
Nine... ten... eleven.
There are 12 per minute - that's five more than in Hawaii.
That's because the Atlantic and the Pacific are far bigger oceans than the Gulf of Mexico.
The bigger the ocean, the more time and space for the wind to act upon it.
The longer the wind blows on a wave, the larger it becomes and the more distant from other waves.
So in really big oceans, you get bigger waves and fewer of them - about seven every minute on the Pacific coast, compared to 12 on the smaller Gulf of Mexico.
If there's no wind, there's no waves.
The erratic nature of the wind stabbing at the surface creates waves.
The further across the sea the wind blows, the bigger the wave it creates.
Wind and water are in constant contact, each bringing friction against each other.
This friction literally whips up the ocean, sculpting water into its most beautiful form.
But elsewhere in the world, a powerful wind can turn waves into monsters.
A big storm on one side of an ocean can push big rollers thousands of miles onto beaches on the other side.
But if a massive storm travels across the ocean, its waves can be deadly.
So what happens when the winds blow up a real tempest at sea?
The answer is a lot closer to home.
Having travelled across the Atlantic to Ireland,
I'm about to see what happens when the wind and the waves combine with the power of the jet stream and the intensity of a hurricane.
Few people have witnessed it, let alone lived through it.
Below me is the Fastnet race, where the best yachtsmen pit their wits against the roughest seas in the world.
This is the Fastnet Rock, off the southern tip of Ireland.
It's one of the most westerly points in Europe, so it's the first place to feel the full force of the Atlantic storms.
Some of the really big ones come from the USA, carried here by powerful transatlantic Westerlies.
Given the right conditions, these storms can whip the seas around us into terrifying walls of water, which have even reached over the top of the lighthouse.
In the summer of 1979, just a few miles from where I'm standing, a storm of almost unprecedented ferocity set in, a storm so powerful that it was unlike any other recorded in these waters.
It spelt disaster for the few yachtsmen and women caught up in it.
They're not like breaking waves on a beach which are lovely to watch.
They're like monsters, they rumble.
As they charge down the face of the wave, they build and build.
They're huge - they just engulf you.
And they did.
At the heart of that terrible storm remains a mystery - a mystery that hints at a freak weather phenomenon.
The start couldn't have been in better conditions.
Perfect.
Good visibility, light breeze.
It was the dream start to the race we'd looked forward to all year.
In 1979, Matt Sheahan was 17 years old and working as crew on his father's boat in the Fastnet race.
The 600-mile course round the legendary lighthouse is the perfect place to stretch the world's best to their limits.
But 1979 was different.
A hot summer's day in North America, a freak weather phenomenon over the Atlantic and a lighthouse off the coast of Ireland were to play a part in the closest thing sailors have come to hell.
"An event like the '"7"9 Fastnet" leaves you in no doubt whatsoever as to just how powerful the weather can be.
A small change is enough to turn a situation you think is under control - that you'd planned for, may be apprehensive about, but you're under control - into complete chaos.
On August 10th, 4,000 miles away to the west,
"Low Y", as the storm would come to be known, was beginning to form in the skies of the Northern Great Plains of the USA.
Hot summer air mixed with cold air from the north.
Nothing unusual - these storms are normally harmless and burn themselves out in a day or so.
At the same time, on this side of the Atlantic, the Fastnet competitors were worried that there wouldn't be enough wind.
Far above the little storm in America, the jet stream swung slightly south and began to blow over the top of the storm, accelerating the wind speeds.
The whole system was then pushed east across the Atlantic Ocean, gaining strength and speed with every hour.
News that Low Y was on the way reached the yachts later that night.
We were pretty well organised and battened down and ready to face it.
Low Y was expected to head straight for France, away from the Fastnet, but at the last minute it turned and headed north towards the rock.
On the evening of August 13th, the storm slammed into the race.
What happened then, as things developed, was that it did get very uncomfortable.
The chaotic fury of the storm caused rapid changes in wind direction, which created towering waves that battered the boats from all sides, making them almost uncontrollable.
Matt and the other experienced sailors were shocked and confused.
The crests of waves would break way above you and you could just hear this rumbling and you'd look around thinking, "Where on earth is this coming from?"
To your horror, you'd see it coming down towards the boat.
That was certainly one of the most frightening things about the ordeal - not knowing where these breaking waves were coming from.
That's because at the heart of the storm a highly unusual event was taking place.
When all the weather records were analysed, they revealed the presence of a unique phenomenon - a freak event where a tongue of cold dry air from high in the stratosphere, a "surface jet", forced itself down into the heart of the storm.
The effect was like turbo charging.
It split a normal storm into several systems, each with the strength of a hurricane.
Early next morning, Mayday calls were jamming the emergency radio frequency.
Reports were coming in thick and fast of 50-foot waves like blocks of flats and 70-mile-an-hour winds.
The one that caused the biggest problem came rumbling down, hit us and turned us upside down again.
But this time the boat didn't come upright.
This time it remained upside down.
As I was held down in the water,
I just felt cross and disappointed.
Disappointed because there were so many things I wanted to do.
While Matt was under water fighting for his life, his father, David, had also been swept overboard.
What I remember next was standing up and seeing what I least wanted to see.
I don't know why, but I knew straight away it was my father, lying face down in the water, just drifting away.
That was the last I ever saw of him.
As we flew back, looking out of the window, it was a scene of chaos.
Some people were firing distress flares, desperate to be picked up.
I think that was the first time that it really struck me how serious the whole scene had been.
Tragically, Low Y was responsible for 15 deaths in the Fastnet race.
Some were washed overboard, others died trapped in their vessels.
But many more died in life rafts that proved woefully inadequate for such awful conditions.
Friends of mine who were in the storm and people I've met since then who have sailed round the world, all of them say they had never seen anything like the conditions they saw in this small area in the Irish Sea.
This was wind and waves at their wildest.
They defeated the best sailors in the world.
But there is a wind that creates the biggest waves in the solar system.
It's the fastest wind of them all.
Here, on one of Hawaii's highest mountains, is the place to see it.
But at a speed of four million miles per hour, you need specialist kit... because this wind comes from space.
It's called the solar wind, and when it arrives it creates the most spectacular show on Earth.
93 million miles away, the sun erupts, spewing a barrage of charged particles out into space.
At its fastest, a solar wind travels about four million miles an hour, but because it has so few particles in it, it wouldn't even ruffle your hair.
As I speak, billions of charged particles are passing through us all and by now they're already way out in space.
Although we can't see or feel the solar wind, we can see its presence in one of nature's most fantastic displays of light,
65 miles above our heads.
The Aurora - the northern and southern lights.
You're looking at billions of electrons - charged particles in the solar wind that hit the atmosphere and excite the gases within it, creating the ultimate space rainbow.
As the solar wind washes over the earth's magnetic field, the charged particles within are drawn down over the polar regions.
When they hit the atmosphere, the Aurora is created.
It's the same mechanism that's making the picture you're watching right now.
The Earth's magnetic force guides the particles in the same way your TV tube guides these images onto the screen.
But does the solar wind affect our weather?
Yes, but no one knows exactly how.
It certainly seems to affect the ferocity of polar storms.
Some believe all those particles from the sun crash into the troposphere, creating more clouds and fuelling more storms.
While scientists cannot agree on exactly how solar winds do this, they realise that the forces that drive our weather do not stop at the boundary between Earth and space.
Back on Earth, this frozen landscape marks the end of my journey.
The winds I followed from the equator have taken about 14 days to enter the last of the big wind cells.
It's been quite a ride!
Here in the frozen north, the wind's journey to the poles finally ends.
In just two weeks, our journey, which began in the hot stillness of the doldrums, has brought us everything from storms at sea to the terrifying power of a hurricane.
After carrying all this violence, it comes to rest here, sinking gently back towards Earth.
Now all this cold air begins to slip south and the cycle starts all over again.
This enormous cycle of the winds has brought every kind of weather to every corner of the earth.
As it churns endlessly through the atmosphere, it shapes our world and changes our lives.
In the next programme, I'm going to take a ride with water, the fuel of the weather.
Driven by the winds, water can bring life and death.
I'll be following water's journey around the planet from the oceans to the clouds, from a storm to a flood, to experience the awesome power it can unleash.
August 10th:
Japan stood defeated before the might of the Holy Britannian Empire. and even name taken away from her.
Eleven.
That number became the new name for the Japanese.
Seven years have passed since then. and obtained a special power.
Geass.
The ability to give an order to anyone. A power that enforces absolute obedience.
the Holy Britannian Empire. could live happily in.
Lelouch embraced destruction and took on a false name.
That name was Zero. and continued to go against the people of the world.
Even if the people close to him got involved...
Even if a large amount of destruction came along with it...
He refused to halt.
Even if it's his own siblings...
Even if he sacrifices friendships...
Even if a path towards loneliness awaits him...
Because this course of action is the proof of Lelouch's existence.
Code-R.
I see.
The readings of the activity between her neuroforamen and the electrical receptors are higher than expected.
Understanding is happiness!
right?
This illness.
Code-R is not a patient!
can't you be a bit more obedient?
Note: your brain cells are now draining off into the arterial circle of Willis...
Enough excuses already!
you turned me into this thing as revenge!
I understand. We can talk as much as we want later.
Let's head back to our motherland!
we shouldn't be arguing about that!
Britannia!
I am Zero.
Zero...
A rebel against those with power!
I'll wait until 0:00 hours.
Surrender and submit to my army.
The entire settlement...?
the communication channels are... what about communications with the outside world?
Confirm the positions of the enemies now.
Your Highness.
Euphemia's revenge...
Zero.
face to face confrontation.
This is my ultimatum.
I'll wait until 0:00 hours.
Surrender and submit to my army.
Submit to his army... the settlement will... what are you doing?
Stop it!
If you do that...
Can you stop hindering me?
Stop fooling around!
If you don't stop immediately...
How are the preparations for the bombers?
They are able to match our timing.
All right.
Prepare to fire!
you have lost since you were lured into thinking that it's a direct confrontation.
What? !
An earthquake? !
A layered foundation that can be broken up in order to counter earthquakes.
There's nothing weaker than that when all the floor parts are crumbled.
Setting up a battle formation around the outer edge to intercept the Order of the Black Knights has brought about your downfall.
I won't be finished off here...!
Zero... You're indeed amazing!
is the entire settlement destroyed? because some of the buildings are essential for the restructuring of the future.
But how did Zero get such help from the underground?
Villetta and Jeremiah guessed right after all?
That's wonderful then!
people are nothing more than chess pieces when they're up against the world.
This is great. that man will appear even if he doesn't want to. all the necessary cards will be in my hands.
What is the status of the enemy aerial forces?
The other organizations allied with us have started fighting in the areas ahead in order to counter them.
and Awaji.
All right. This is the time then.
Charge!
Team Three will head towards the press agencies.
Team Six will head towards the public safety department.
The special force teams will try to suppress the airspace in the lower region.
The rest will engage in a frontal assault.
Gather information about the remaining capabilities of the enemy!
Retreat! Retreat!
All forces retreat back to the government office of Britannia!
Your Highness!
What's wrong?
the cockpit block can at least be... please go on ahead to the government office and don't bother with people like me!
Cornelia identified. Brace yourself!
Prepare yourself!
Tohdoh!
You vengeful ghost!
Princess!
Leave this to me!
Guilford?
That bastard I met at Narita?
Take this chance to return to the government office!
Are you telling me to forsake my subordinate and run away? !
you must retreat!
It's for Princess Euphemia's sake too!
I'm chosen by the princess... a knight chosen to protect the princess!
That's the same thing as the Lancelot's?
That is why I will defend this spot...!
I understand...
Guilford.
Your Highness!
together with the special forces team will go in first and take control of the school area!
We'll make one of those buildings our headquarters.
Eh?
The school area?
you'll be stationed there.
Ohgi?
O-Okay. I understand.
right? To the Tokyo Settlement.
However...
Congratulations!
The Special Envoy was established in order to carry out our research.
We have already finished what we're supposed to do.
We haven't received any orders from the Governor General to sortie either.
you'll be violating orders if you launch now.
but...
You can't do this!
Zero is in Tokyo!
I will defeat Zero with my own hands!
Don't hinder me.
I will do it!
Tohdoh-san!
are we going to charge?
How are the other teams doing?
They are attempting to flank the enemy.
The Graston Knights?
we have already set up a formation ahead.
Please head back.
Sorry. You have my thanks.
Please don't say that.
We were originally General Darlton's subordinates after all. protecting Governor General Cornelia comes first.
Do you know what the situation is like?
I think that the enemies that are attacking up front are a diversion.
only the militia remains once we're done here.
In other words...
They're trash.
I've already taken care of the aerial forces.
Leave G1 to Kaguya.
You'll move to the designated spot.
Understood.
prepare the Raikon.
Okay.
Rakshata?
We are moving.
Kallen will switch to providing backup.
Okay.
if the target appears...
Understood.
All right.
what is the name of our supporter?
A-Ah... She's called Shinozaki Sayoko.
communication has been terminated!
It seems that revolts have broken out in the Sapporo Settlement as well.
Fleets from the Chinese Federation have been sighted gathering around the East China Sea.
Even the Chinese Federation...?
To think His Excellency is not around at a time like this...
He went there again?
Odysseus.
Preparations for the dispatch of our troops have been completed.
Please appoint someone as the commanding officer.
Asking me that so suddenly...
We're clear that the incident with Euphemia was a failure...
But all the areas will fall if we don't manage this well...
Princess Cornelia is...
I will go.
I-Is that so?
You will go?
isn't it? People killing each other.
Superconducting Maglev-style Shrapnel Cannon....
Fire!
advance!
It seems that Britannia plans to defend only the government office.
They intend to conserve their forces while waiting for reinforcements.
So that is indeed what they're planning.
Don't move! This is the Order of the Black Knights!
We'll be taking over this area!
You will follow our instructions.
H-How can that be...?
D-Don't tell me...?
Zero?
This is the movement that'll change the world.
Section Chief.
O-Okay!
Looks like we are able to film the great movie that the public is waiting for.
all the broadcasting stations are...
Raise your hands and turn around!
the Order of the Black Knights!
Put your guns away!
Huh? What are you saying at a time like this?
Rivalz...
Let me act cool for once.
I will protect everyone!
I see!
Stop it!
I already told you not to do anything to them.
B-But! You told us to make this place our headquarters...
There's no need for it to be the Ashford Academy... are going to use this school as our headquarters.
Somewhere else...
do we?
I'll guarantee everyone's safety.
until the battle ends... the Order of the Black Knights will defend this place.
So...
There's no way we'll believe that!
Against Britannians like us... please... do as you're told.
Huh? Kallen?
I see...
So that's what's going on...
Can you promise me this?
but everyone in this school?
Everyone in the boys' and girls' dormitory have been prohibited from leaving.
I think it should be fine.
what did you do to me? Eh? Do you know how frightened I am?
right?
Something... to me...
Huh?
Cruel... how cruel... the Lancelot is here...!
It came after all.
Move aside!
Where is Zero?
I will finish off Zero...!
Geass?
That's right. Zero has an extraordinary power.
Don't tell me...
Why did Her Highness Euphemia's personality suddenly change?
doing at Shikinejima?
In other words...
A power capable of manipulating people and making them lose their memories.
Everything falls in place now that I think about it.
an Eleven and I actually...
That student... Lelouch Lamperouge is truly evil!
Suzaku!
Kallen?
Since we've encountered each other in combat... but you have to die here!
Don't be an idiot!
You and all the other Japanese are being fooled by that man!
The way you say it pisses me off!
What the heck do you know about Zero? !
Then tell me!
Zero...!
Where the heck is Zero? !
answer me! Where the heck is Zero? !
there's no way I'll tell you that!
Then I'll finish you off here!
Don't act arrogant just because you can fly!
Caught you!
Take this!
talk! Where is Zero? !
I hate persistent men.
Is that so?
Then I'll finish you off here...
Is there anything you want to say?
Wait!
Kururugi Suzaku.
It's na? ve for me to feel attached to you.
How about we have a one-on-one duel to sever all ties?
Just what I wanted!
Tohdoh-san?
Asahina?
How is Urabe faring?
We have taken over the Energy Filler supply repositories as planned.
All right. Let's join up with Senba and Chiba.
Surround the government office once we finish resupplying.
Our main forces will be breaking through the front!
Understood!
Give orders to Lord Cray to retreat.
Tell him to form a defense line in the railway tunnels.
Your Highness.
Cornelia.
We are in formation. What about the defense line of the government office?
Keep it as it is.
It'll be disadvantageous to the Order of the Black Knights for this war to be dragged out.
Your Highness.
how are things on Brother's side?
The Pacific Ocean fleet will arrive in 75 hours.
the aerial fleets from Sado and Torishima have already taken off.
in about thirty more minutes...
Leak that information to the Order of the Black Knights.
you guys will defend the front of the government office together with Guilford.
Cornelia?
It's preparation for the banquet.
Zero!
You still can't calm him down?
He's strongly resisting it!
I'm going to remove the connective nerves from his bones!
T4 is heading towards the government office?
Has the enemy's aerial fleet arrived?
it seems like a sole machine.
right?
and Diethard and the others have taken over the media area.
Kaguya-sama is around to act as a decoy as well.
We'll win once we secure the rear.
This is for the sake of Yoshida and the others who have died... we caught a suspicious person.
A student?
Let him go if that's the case.
There's no reason for us to imprison them.
it's an intruder who sneaked in from the back of the school.
Snuck?
Oh? !
Chigusa?
S-She's a supporter under my direct command.
Lead her to another room.
I'll personally listen to her report.
I wonder if Nina is still at the Ganymede's warehouse.
Kallen... what will they do to us...?
It'll be fine.
Huh?
The Order of the Black Knights will...
Zero... will definitely not hurt us.
How are you so certain?
Despicable!
You intend to hold them hostage?
Wasn't this supposed to be one-on-one? !
You are the one who turned down chance after chance to become my ally.
I'll make you regret those boring aesthetics you hold so dear!
isn't that black KnightMare the one that appeared on the news?
How is that... Why would Zero be aiming at this place?
Impossible!
because if that's true...!
Charge in at a low angle and fire my Harken...
Zero!
Go.
This is...!
There's indeed no time to come up with a countermeasure to this.
as promised...?
do whatever you wish with that machine.
do you intend to bluff and betray people till the very end? !
I have no time for a hypocritical game.
Kururugi Suzaku.
Damn it!
as expected.
Is this the time to act carefree?
The enemy reinforcements are about to land.
It'll all be over if they start their bombing run.
right?
I'll be invading from the aerial region of the government office.
Hmm? I think that it's too dangerous to depend so much on the capabilities of your machine.
I know.
I'm just creating a distraction.
It looks similar... like the Aries Imperial Villa.
Why do you know that?
someday.
Wait for that day.
Zero.
you'd come here upon hearing about an aerial bombing.
it's a welcoming banquet.
I wonder if you like dancing.
why did you come to the battlefield?
we'll... Oh? I'm... sorry for hiding it from you.
But I'm doing this for the sake of peace.
Once Zero frees Japan from the clutches of Britannia...
We can be together.
Don't say something so disgusting!
For me to be together with the likes of an Eleven like you?
a knight of Britannia. E-Erm... I-I see...
Chigusa... your memories... have returned...
Ohgi was shot? !
Yes. The medical team is tending to him now.
Was that woman the one who shot him?
The details are still unclear...
We are still investigating.
Wait! Eh? Don't let word of what happened to Ohgi spread.
It'll cause a commotion among our comrades.
Just search for that woman.
I understand.
even Suzaku will be...
Did something happen?
Please use this chance to escape. Huh? Please go and help Suzaku-san.
that is the best thing to do...
We wouldn't find the culprit if she was hiding in a place like this.
Where's the light switch?
Beats me.
479)}Zero...
Euphemia-sama's...
Revenge!
Zero? !
I should be overwhelming her based on machine specs!
Weakling!
Caught you!
Your life... seems as if it's within my hands!
Cornelia!
This is your punishment!
this is Darlton.
Why...?
Don't worry. I won't kill you.
You made it.
in order to deliver you to Zero... Huh? Princess...?
Why...?
Darlton.
Princess...!
Oh my?
C.C.-san?
You're mistaken.
B-But...
I've come to pick you up.
I see...
So... you are Zero? {Literally Zero's real identity is you}
Hatred against the Britannian Royal Family...
Darlton's analysis was right... A-Are you doing this for Nunnally's sake?
That's right. I shall destroy the current world and create a new era.
You are killing others for such nonsense?
Clovis... and even Euphie! Elder Sister. the Flash of Lightning.
Hmph.
Looks like... it's pointless... to carry on this conversation.
In that case... seek an answer from you!
Yes?
were you the one who killed my mother?
No.
Then who did it? I don't know.
right?
Why were the guards withdrawn?
Because I was asked to do so. By who? Queen Marianne.
By Mother? ! How can this be...?
Mother knew that there would be an assault that day?
! that's impossible.
Who did it? !
Who killed Mother?
!
You don't know?
The facts surrounding that day!
Elder Brother Schneizel moved her corpse away under the orders of His Excellency.
Mother's corpse? Then what's inside that coffin?
come back! I know. The guards of the government office will soon... your sister has been taken away!
I'm not free to listen to jokes right now.
We should now take Cornelia hostage and head back to the base... right?
Kaminejima?
All hail Britannia!
Zero? ! How lucky!
Don't tell me it's Orange-kun?
O-O-O-O-O-O-O...
I understand!
I shall... remove all enemies of the people of the empire!
All hail Britannia! A failure like this...
How am I going to answer my master?
Only his emotions have gone out of control.
if his actions go out of control as well... it'll be great if we can still reason with him...
Don't be a nuisance! Zero...!
we are above the area of conflict... Why did you stop Suzaku-kun?
right? right?
How can that be possible? You know it too.
Humans break so easily. Both their body and their soul.
Relationships with others too. people and the world won't always behave as you tell them to.
those are the kinds of parts I want.
I'll just search for another Devicer.
Be careful.
Your KnightMare will be stopped if it gets into the field.
I understand.
It's nimble.
Ohgi? It's me. Zero?
Thank goodness... Minami?
What happened to Ohgi?
He was shot.
He has lost consciousness and is currently undergoing treatment.
the culprit is still... I understand.
You'll suffice then. Can you go and find what the girl in the wheelchair is doing?
the girl in the wheelchair comes first! Replacement...?
Hurry up and confirm it!
The students that we held hostage have all vanished.
During the confusion right after Ohgi got shot...
Sorry but right now I'm... Is Nunnally with you?
She's inside the clubhouse.
We have split up for a while. I understand.
where are you right now...?
I can't get in touch with Nunnally... Sayoko as well...
I'm your accomplice.
I'm your ally.
You want me to believe that?
It's nothing but nonsense from a woman who won't even explain her own existence.
everything you say is for your own convenience.
Concentrate fire and finish him off! Understood!
Target acquired. Fire!
2500)}I see it!
W-What the heck is that?
Zero! Zero!
I don't have time to mess around with you!
head towards 12th Street.
Everything you say is for your own convenience!
You missed!
I've already hit. Despicable. Attacking from behind.
outdated fool.
All right.
I can head to where Nunnally is now.
it's tough.
Note: Guess we need to use the Kaitenyaibatou.
what should we do with these fellows?
Should we lock them up with the other students in the gymnasium? Students? Contact Zero!
Zero will definitely protect us.
It'll be weird if he doesn't.
Everything up till now has been...
Shut up!
I'm the one who knows Zero the best!
He wouldn't hesitate at a time like this.
what's this?
You're willing to come out for some Britannian bastards? Suzaku...
What we want is that white armor of yours.
Arthur? This damn cat...!
Finish all of them off... Good evening!
Retreat!
Retreat for now! Huh? Don't tell me...!
That pudding earl actually came to the frontlines?
Use this chance!
Cecile-kun?
What's the status of the test part?
Looks like it can be used in actual combat.
It recovered!
Open your filler cover. I'll refill your energy. Okay.
why are you here...?
Lloyd-san?
The Lancelot and various other things.
but is it working?
Thank you very much. to you guys!
Royal private?
K-Kururugi?
Governor General Cornelia!
They are persistent. As expected from Cornelia's elite. Tohdoh.
I'll leave the rest of the battle to you. Huh?
Diethard will take over the injured Ohgi's duties.
There's something that I must do. I'll be terminating any further communications from now on.
W-Wait!
How can you do something else in such a situation?
Team Seven has been annihilated!
We'll start from the lower grades. Head back for now! Bring the injured along!
Hurry! Hurry!
T-The combat situation... favors our army.
Hide the fact that I'm injured...
Guilford... and the Graston Knights...
However... only you...
Please stop talking. Kaminejima... Zero is... over there.
Also... No good... I can't remember...
Geass... right?
Go and clear Euphie's tainted reputation then.
Ah... Yes.
I've knighted you as a knight of Britannia.
You are now a knight in name and in reality.
Kururugi Suzaku!
Your Highness!
Eh?
Zero is gone?
he just handed command over to those in the battlefield.
Yes.
Why... at such an important time...?
Why was Ohgi shot?
Where the heck is Zero? !
I don't know! We can't contact him?
!
right? However...
If we don't know the entire combat situation... Zero... What should I do?
K-Kallen... Ohgi-san? Are you all right?
more importantly... Chase after Zero...
Eh?
There... must be a reason... behind his actions.
Go and help him.
Zero... and Naoto's... dream... You've inherited it...
But how do I find him?
You should be able to see him soon... Right?
That is... The Lancelot?
That bastard must have a reason for leaving this place. get the launch mechanism... from Rakshata...
Understood.
Hand the flight unit we captured over to me!
Last until the students have finished boarding the ship.
I understand. Eh?
Why is there a heat source detected at a place like this?
A KnightMare?
What's with that ancient thing?
The Ganymede? Nina!
Get the Order of the Black Knights to stop as well! Huh? !
Cease fire for now! We must not shoot that thing! do as he says!
Don't shoot it!
It's something that has made Lloyd get serious?
you've completed it? It's not completely checked though. I don't know whether I can make it explode.
But...
I... what do you mean by explode? !
please step back! the entire Tokyo Settlement might be caught up in the explosion.
There's even Sakuradite being used in it! Where is Zero?
Tell me. Princess Euphemia's revenge...
Where is Zero?
What have I been doing all this for if Nunnally disappears?
I'll take her back no matter who I face... I'll take Nunnally back!
it's really this place.
Does this place have something to do with you? I don't know this place.
so that means there are other places like this?
Is the one who took Nunnally a Geass user?
I don't know about that.
It's the truth.
our relationship as accomplices will continue.
What?
Calm down.
This is a trap set to ward off intruders. The one who activates it...
What is this...? The past...? C.C.?
C.C....
This is... your...
The only things that remain are my memories as a witch. I don't even remember whether I was originally a human or not.
or the people who like me.
Everything has disappeared in the flow of time.
Within the endless flow of time...
I... alone... You're not alone.
We are accomplices.
you sure know what to say at the right moment.
are you all right?
Persistent bastard!
The Hadron Cannon can only be fired one more time!
My wonderful revenge!
High speed! High accuracy! High efficiency!
Leave him to me.
You go to where Nunnally is! the amount of energy left is...! I'll be fine.
I feel a bit uneasy. you must win. Against your own past.
And against the results of your actions.
don't die.
Who do you think you're talking to? {omitted the "hmph"}That's right.
You are not the type of man that I want to commit a lovers' suicide with.
We can't advance at all!
the enemy reinforcement will...!
What should we do? !
Inoue...
What the heck is Zero doing? !
All forces advance! Finish off the rebel forces in one sweep!
Defend this place even till death!
Our forces will be eliminated if we lose this place!
It's not because Tohdoh is bad at military tactics... That guy... Zero has charisma...
However... now that we've come so far... Don't tell me...! Zero-sama...
Have you really abandoned us...?
Abandoned Japan?
can you not hear me?
Euphemia mercilessly killed innocent Japanese.
you...
It sure is a convenient power. The one called Geass.
You hide within the shadows and all the responsibility is thrown at others. How arrogant and despicable. That's your true self.
Kallen! Don't you want to know Zero's true identity?
What are you saying at a time like this? You have the right to witness the truth as well.
Wait!
What? !
Why?
I don't... believe it.
Le... Lelouch is... I'm Zero.
I lead the Order of the Black Knights against the Holy Britannian Empire.
And I'll eventually be the one who takes over the world.
You made use of us Japanese?
Even me... Japan will be liberated.
right?
I should have arrested you earlier.
You discovered it?
I don't want to believe it.
That was why I always denied it.
Because I believed in you. But you were always lying.
To both me and Euphie. Even to Nunnally!
That's right! Nunnally has been abducted!
can we have a truce for now?
People...
Humans... chase after the existence of happiness.
wanted... was just a tiny bit of happiness.
It's nothing special. was just a very tiny wish that every human has.
Monggo mirsani
Though he had everything he wanted... Prince was cruel and selfish.
Sir, it's time.
He imposes high taxes on the people to fill the castle with beautiful things.
We did it. And party with great people.
On one night there was an intruder who arrived at the castle.
He sought refuge from the storm.
As a reward he offers a rose to the Prince.
Disgusted by the poor performances jeered her prince gift,
Then, the woman warned her to not be fooled by appearances...
Because of the beauty, indeed there is in him.
And, when she drove back, old woman transform herself... be beautiful and fascinating woman.
The prince tried to apologize, but it was too late... because he had seen no love within the prince.
As punishment, he changed the prince into a horrible creature... and left a curse on the palace, and all who live in it.
Day turned into years, the prince and his servant have been forgotten.
Magicians keep them remember loved ones, but the roses he had a magic roses.
If he can learn to love each other and love unrequited, when the last leaf falls then, the curse will disappear lf not, he will be damned as bad beast forever.
Years passed He fell into despair and loss of hope... waiting to see who will learn to love the horrible creature?
Small town Quiet village
Every day like any other day
The small town Full of little people
Waking up to say:
Bonjour!
Bonjour!
It was the baker with his tray as usual
The same bread ready for sale Every morning the same Since the morning we come
For a poor provincial towns
Good morning, Belle!
Good morning, Monsieur!
Did you lose something else? Looks like. The problem is I can not remember what it was.
I'm sure it will come back to me.
- Where are you going?
- Go to the bookstore.
It was about two lovers.
Sound boring.
strange girl, no doubt always confused
Never in keramainan Because the head was covered with clouds
No doubt, this girl Belle
Bonjour Good afternoon
How are your family Bonjour Good afternoon
How are your wife I need six eggs was very expensive
There must be a better life than this place
Look at the only nerd in town. You're where?
2 cities in the North.
I do not want to go back. - Have you got a new one?
- l'm afraid there is not.
but you may have read.
thanks.
Your library makes it so great.
OK. Bye.
Look at this girl she is surely strange I doubt if he's healthy
His nose is always a dreamy way, stuck facing book
For us it was a girls 'Belle' ls not this awesome
This is my favorite part
Because you'll know
This, when he met the handsome prince but he would not meet him
Until part three
There's no doubt why the name of the 'Beauty' There is no iota of similarity
Behind the face of reasonable Kuyakin him odd
Very different from us all
He does not like us.
He's different with us all the 'Belle'
My future wife.
Belle is the prettiest girl in the village.
- That makes her the best.
- But he is predictable.
You're very athletic.
- l know.
She is beautiful.
- Yes. You got us.
Yes, since the war I lost something.
He's the only one who gave me the spark.
When I first saw and met him I told you she was beautiful and I are interested ln this city just him
As beautiful as me
And I want to woo and marry Belle
Look, look at him he's not great
Mr. Gaston Oh, he is handsome
Stay tuned .. my heart, I was difficult to breathe
He was tall, sinister, handsome and ruthless
That will never happen, ladies.
Lunch Bonjour
You call this bacon?
Beautiful flower 10 yards!
Excuse me!
I picked up the knife!
Let me through!
this fish
Smell
Mrs wrong Maybe so
There must be a better life than this place
See, I will make 'Belle' wife
Look at him, a strange but special girl
She was the girl who most insane
He is disabled and the poor, he does not fit here
Good morning, Belle.
What book is it?
Have you read it?
Not that it was but a book.
For your dinner table.
Tonight?
Sorry, not tonight.
- ls it true?
- So get on with life?
- The selling expensive to make the sweetest prey.
It makes Belle very tempting.
What is the name?
Pride.
That is interesting.
How moment lasts forever?
How can a story never dies?
We must hold on love
Not easy, but we try
Sometimes we get caught happiness
Somehow, place and time stood still
Love lives in our hearts and will always
Belle, can you give me... thanks.
I also need... no, no.
No.
Actually this.
- Strange?
Daughter's strange.
Where did you have the idea?
People are talking.
This small village.
Small mind also. But smaller also means secure.
Even back in Paris a girl like you is very great.
You're different. People mocked him.
Until they imitate.
Without fear.
As in painting.
- You asked every year. -And every year you bring him.
I'll bring you more.
I promise to you.
- Bye, Dad.
- Bye, honey.
Come on, Phillip.
- You know the way.
- See you tomorrow. Good.
Tomorrow with roses.
Take care of yourself.
Come on, come on.
Blue Bird that fly away.
- lt was incredible.
- What are you doing? Teach a woman to read.
is that not enough?
We have to do something.
Nobody had ever seen. But at least I know. May I remind you about the time?
- What is wrong?
- There are women who need help.
Time to be a hero.
I'm not done with you.
I also.
Belle, I heard you had a problem with the school principal.
May I give you a little advice?
- Do not ever trust him.
- What I want is to teach children to read.
The only children who should you care about is yourself.
Yourself.
- l'm not ready to have children.
- Maybe you have not met the right guy.
No, Gaston. I've met them all.
Maybe you should take another look.
- Some of us changed.
- Gaston, we will never be happy.
- Nobody can change that much.
- Oh, Belle.
You know what happens when his father died?
They beg.
This is our world, Belle.
People like us are not going to be better.
I may be a simple girl, I'm not simple I'm not going to marry Gaston.
Forgive me.
Can you imagine me to be the man's wife bore
Mrs. Gaston
Can you see it? Mrs. Gaston his wife
No, sir! Not me!
I guarantee it I want more out of life
I want adventure somewhere I want it
And for once it might be great
Having someone who understands I wanted it than they want
Very beautiful. I wish I could have known you.
You know we are where?
Because I do not know.
All right, all right, Phillip.
We can pass here.
There he is.
One road was closed, others open.
OK.
Slowly. Be careful slippery.
Come on.
Phillip!
Come on, kid!
Oh, Phillip you saved my life.
Nice. They eat dinner elsewhere.
See.
Water.
You're safe my friend. I will honor... as host.
It may...
Hello. thanks.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm sorry to disturb travelers seeking shelter from the storm.
Sorry to bother you.
There are people at home?
He must get lost in the woods.
Excuse me.
Beautiful.
Extraordinary.
- Humans today.
- He was talking about me.
Wherever you're hiding I just want to warm themselves in the fireplace.
Much better.
Sorry.
It is okay.
I can not thank you enough for your generosity I...
Come on. Go.
Wait! Wait.
You forget the roses.
There is a rose.
Take me to him.
Who is there?
Your hands are cold.
Now go before he found you!
Who?
Who is there?
Who are you?
Liar!
- l asked her roses.
Law I'm not him.
No. That forever.
That's what happened here when you pick flowers.
A life sentence for the roses?
I received the curse of a lifetime.
- Now you still want to replace your father?
- Yes.
- Select - l will not let you do it. I lost my mother is not with you, too.
Now go away.
All right, Dad, I'm gone.
I need more time with him.
You're so coldhearted.
Give it time.
- l should be with.
Now go away.
Continue your life and forget me.
Forget you?
All I've got for you. I love you, Belle.
Do not be afraid.
I love you too, Dad.
I am not afraid.
And I'm going to run away, I promise.
What?
- He was stupid.
And you, too.
Belle.
Father!
Do not hurt him!
- Dad!
- Belle.
Belle!
I will be back!
I promise!
Sorry I disturb, Miss.
But I have come to escort you to your room a new one.
My room? - But I thought...
Words...
"Once the door is closed, it will not open again."
I know he's overrated.
Hello.
Oh, you're very strong.
It's a good quality.
Creature are you?
- l Lumiere. -And...
- You can talk.
- Of course he can talk.
That's all he did.
As head of the furniture, I ask you to immediately prepare the food.
You want to be for the rest of your life, Cogsworth? Humans, or hours?
Ready, Miss?
Trust me.
- You do not be surprised. - l was surprised.
- l'm talking to the candle. - l sconce.
It's French.
Lumiere ready to serve, the palace is now yours.
- So you can be anywhere.
- Except to the west wing.
And we did not have it.
What was in the West Wing?
- Oh, nothing. - There is no.
- Warehouse.
- Warehouse. - That is all. - That is all.
Yes, that's it.
Please pass here to go to the east wing.
And I want to say, only one wing.
Carefully step.
But of course, the hosts want you to get the best room in the palace.
Gosh, we're waiting for guests.
Nice to meet you, Miss.
Do not worry, I'll clean up this place quickly.
Dangerous plan.
I will risk all to kiss you again, Plumette.
Do not love. I've dikewakan by you. - We have to be strong.
- How can I be strong, when you made me very weak.
Everything here alive?
Do not be afraid.
Meet, Madame Garderobe.
Good morning.
My sleep soundly.
Stay with us, ma'am. We bring someone to your makeup.
Finally, a woman.
The face of the proud.
The perfect canvas. Nice!
I'll swatch you are fit for a princess.
- Oh, not a princess.
- Nonsense.
Now, let's see what I have in my drawer.
Embarrassing.
Froufrou, help the mother.
"l'll never marry you, Gaston."
You know, there are other girls.
Great hunter does not spend his time with the rabbits.
# Gosh, I was disturbed to see you, Gaston # # lt looks very sad #
#All the men here want to be like you, Gaston!
# There are no men in this town are wonderful as you #
#You're like everyone #
# Everyone was amazed and inspired by you #
#And it is not difficult to know why #
# No one is as smart as Gaston #
# Nobody soon as gaston ## There's nothing as strong neck Gaston #
# Nobody dashing in this city # #A perfect example #
#You can ask Tom, Dick, or Stanley #
#And they'll tell you they prefer parties where #
#Who is playing... #
Archery as Gaston ###Who played a heart like Gaston #
#Who is part of his body like Gaston? # #As a person, yes, I'm intimidating!
#
# Gaston great guy!
# # l need consolation... #
# Thanks LeFou ## Nothing is embraced like #
- Exaggerating?
- Yes.
# Nobody fights like Gaston #
# Turn off the wax like Gaston # ln wrestling nobody bites like Gaston #
#And all the animals fear #
# First, I shoot her ## Then I shot from behind # # lt is fair ## l do not care #
# Nobody hit like Gaston ## Nothing is as smart as Gaston # # ln a spitting match, nobody spits like Gaston # # l'm very good at spitting #
- # 10 points for Gaston!
#When I was young I ate four dozen eggs #
# S3tiap morning to help large #
#And now that I'm big I eat five dozen eggs #
# So I'm at the ship #
- # Entertain... # - #As Gaston?
#
# Or make songs like Gaston?
# # l use antlers in all dekorasiku #
#Who true man among men?
#Who really successful?
You do not know?
You can not guess? #
# Tanya fans and friends #
# Only one person in town who can all #
#And the name G-A-S...
T... # # l'm sure there is a "T" another # # l just realized I was illiterate #
#And actually I never say it out loud before #
# Gaston!
LeFou Oh, you're the best.
Why is not there a girl who is close to you?
They told me that I was so dependent. But I do not understand.
Komohon, anyone. Anyone.
- You have to help me.
- Why? You have to help me.
It's about Belle.
It's about Belle.
He was jailed.
- Who is detained?
- Ugly creature.
Ugly horrible creatures great.
My daughter lives in danger, why are you laughing?
This is not ajoke. The palace was hidden in the woods.
- There have been winter.
- Winter in June?
- Crazy old Maurice.
- Listen to me! Ugly creature really exists.
You understand?
No one wants to help me?
I will help you, Maurice.
You want? All.
Stop mocking this man.
Thank you, Captain.
Show us the way to being ugly.
- Mom, there's a girl in the palace.
- Yes, Chip.
- You already know.
- He likes what tea?
Herbal, oolong, camomile.
- l'm too excited.
- Lumiere!
- Calm down, let me do the talking.
- You make him dinner.
- We thought you wanted company. Sir, I want to tell you, if I had nothing to do in prepare dinner.
Designing a dress for her, gave him a room in the east wing.
- You gave him the room?
- No. - He gave him room.
- Correct.
But this girl who can break the spell, and perhaps you could start by using the dinner to make him fascinated.
- Good thinking, Cogsworth.
- What? That's the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard.
- Make fascinated prisoners. - But you have to try, sir.
With each day that passes, we are changing.
He's a thief.
- You can not judge people by their father, right?
You're going to have dinner with me.
It was not a request. Gently, sir.
The girl lost her father and freedom in one day.
- Hold on.
- See? There he is.
Now, remember.
Gentle.
- Kind-hearted.
-And when he opened the door, give him a smile.
Forget it.
You want to have dinner with me?
You're holding me, and now you want to have dinner with me?
- You are crazy?
- He is angry.
Gosh.
- l told you to have dinner with me!
-And I say no!
Gosh, what time?
What happened?
I'd better starve than I eat with you.
Please!
Up to you!
If he does not eat with me, so he did not eat!
He's gone?
I'm late?
Unfortunately, this time I'm really going to scold him.
- Sir, you're back.
- What? - You're so funny.
- Gotcha.
Every day I was getting into metal.
Oh no. lt happened again.
- Sorry. - Everything is quiet.
We still have time.
Mother, what I'm going to be a child again? Yes, Chip.
You will enjoy a day in the sun again. Leave it to me.
- l told you to go.
- Do not worry dear. It Ny.
Oh, you look beautiful.
Seanng once knew you.
I knew if tired after the trip could be lost after a cup of tea.
Slowly, Chip.
Nice to meet you.
Want to see me do the trick? Chip. You did a very brave thing for your father, dear.
Yes, so in our opinion.
Calm down, dear.
Everything will change in the end.
You'll feel much better after dinner.
But he said, "lf he does not want to eat with me, then he should not eat."
People talk carelessly when angry.
It is up to us to not listen.
You coming, dear?
They came. Semuanay last inspection.
- Fast. - Come on.
If the host know you made the girl's food, - She'll blame me.
- l'll make sure of it.
But what you see? I tell this girl man.
They should fall in love that we return to a human being again, and how they can fall in love if she stays in her room?
- Hey, you there is still dirt. - Excuse me. - Excuse me.
- You know that girl would not love him.
Hours broken right twice a day, my friend.
But this is not the time.
Come on. Now it's time to shine!
Hey, I could not feel, but I know this is bad.
Move over, you're bothering me.
- Fast. - Come on.
- Slowly.
- Of course.
But what is dinner without music?
- Music?
- Maestro Cadenza, are you ready?
I have not been performed.
I do not even remember how.
- Cavities others.
- Maestro, teeth above.
lncreasingly difficult to remain conscious. He's relying on you to help us to break this curse.
Then I'll play despite a toothache.
Quiet music.
Of course.
There are other requests that you want of my artistic?
- There you are, dear.
Nona.
We welcome you with great pride and pleasure to welcome you this evening.
Let us take a seat.
While the dining room proudly presents...
Your dinner.
# Tie a napkin around your neck, dear #
# Soups, hot appetizers #
#We only want to serve #
# Try the gray, it was tasty #
# Do not believe me? ## Ratings plate-plate #
# They can sing, they can dance #
#After all, Miss, this is France #
#And a dinner here is the best #
# Come on, open menumu ## See at a glance and you'll be #
# Be our guest, yes, our guests.
Be our guest #
# "Beef ragout", "Cheese souffle" #
# Pies and puddings were all there #
#We will prepare and serve well #
#You're alone and afraid ### # But jamuannya ready #
# Nothing sad or complain ##While entertaining dining furniture #
#With friends-my candle wax!
#And everything with a sense of perfect ##You can be sure #
# Come lift your glass #
#You've won a free ticket #
To be our guest ## # lf you stress #
#We recommend a good dinner #
# Be our guest, be our guest Be our guest ###
# Life is very debilitating #
# To the waiter who did not serve #
# He's not himself without a soul to wait #
#Ah, in moments of fun where our handy # True, Cogsworth?
# Suddenly an enjoyable day was lost #
#We've rusted too long #
# Need more than to clean dust #
# Before the exercise, the opportunity to use our capabilities #
# More often we lazing in the palace #
# There is a guest, there is a guest # # Gosh, we will be blessed #
#Wine has been poured, and thank God # # l have prepared a napkin #
#With dessert, she wants tea #
#And I do not mind, my dear #
#While the cups clean themselves # # l'll be bubbling, I'll cook #
#We have much to do #
#You want one or two of sugar?
## For you, our guest! # # He is our guest!
# # He is our guest!
# # Be our guest!
## Our command is your request #
# For a long time we did not get a ##And we're obsessed #
###With your food with your comfortability #
# That's right, our aim airport #
#While the candle is still burning #
# Let us help you, we will continue to berinar #
# Eat for food #
# One by one # # Until you shout, "Enough, I'm full!" #
# Then we'll sing till you sleep while you're digesting #
# Tonight you lift your foot #
# But now let's eat # # Be our guest!
# # Be our guest! # # Be our guest!
# Please, be our guests!
# Pudding?
Why are you nice to me?
You never want to go?
Tuan was not as bad as it looks.
Somewhere, in his soul, he was a Pengeran.
Someone is waiting to be unleashed.
Lumiere mentions something about the west wing. Forget it.
Go to sleep, dear. - Good night.
- Good night.
Directly to the room.
- You do not realize what can you do?
You can harm us all!
Go away from here!
Go!
- Wait. - You cheated again.
- Miss, what are you doing?
- Go away from here. - Stop!
Do not, froufrou.
- Froufrou, stop him.
- Catch him!
Come on!
- Do not, froufrou.
- Do not get out.
- Do not! Dog silly.
- Naughty dog, bad dog!
Do not!
- Please do not go!
That is dangerous!
- Yikes!
You have to help.
You have to stand.
I'm sure this is the way.
There are a lot of wolves. That means we're getting close to the palace.
Simply, we have to go back.
Stop!
There he is!
There he is.
That tree.
I am sure. The time it collapsed due to lightning.
But now the tree...
Stand back again because...
Magic, or the other.
Do you want to marry into this family?
So it means, istanya toward...
No.
That way.
Certainly.
It's enough you play us.
Where is Belle?
- The ugly kidnapped her...
- The creature was not real.
Or cup speak.
Or magic.
What was real was the wolves, frostbite and starvation.
Inhale, Gaston.
Why do not we just go back to the village?
I'm sure Belle was cooking a delicious evening meal.
Why are you offering to help us?
Because he was not my biological daughter!
Let us go home.
Belle was not at home.
He shared... Say it again,
- Then I'll make you a wolf food!
- Gaston! Stop!
Think about things that are fun.
Remember back during the war.
Imagine about the explosion...
-...
Correct. imagine.
Correct.
Maurice.
Please forgive me.
That's no way to talk to the prospective father-in-law, is not it?
Father-in-law?
I might have guessed it.
If Maurice does not approve it, it means he becomes penghalangku.
Once the wolf is finished with her, Belle will not have anyone but me.
I know we're running out of options, but maybe you want to think about how a little more...
Sick.
If you can be quiet, it will not be too sore.
If you did not run, this will not happen.
If you do not scare me, I'm not going to run.
You should rest.
- Thank you.
- We are very grateful.
- Why are you so concerned about her?
- We have maintained for a long time.
He cursed you, even though you are not doing anything.
You are right.
When Mr. losing his mother, and when the father grabbed the child a sweet and innocent, change it to be like his father, we can only dwell alone.
SONG:
Days ln The Sun # days when life begins #
# Not until my day ends #
#What I will bow again ## By the rhythm of the song dear #
#What you'll always be #
# Can not my flailing #
# The days that # # l'm willing to give anything to be back again #
Oh no.
# Changing everything and restore shine # # l sing about the pain of a difficult day #
# Magic ensnare us ## l sing for a miracle tonight # # ln the midst of this sadness #
# Can love and hope to survive #
# For I was naive and unsure #
# But now I'm wiser and wondered #
# Days ago ## l can not go back to my childhood #
# Precious days it is not immortal # #Yang realized because my father # # l feel a change #
Hugging me tighter ### l feel stronger but shackled #
#A sunny day will return ##We have to believe Like the love #
#Wonderful days it will come back #
What happens when the last petals fall? Tuan will be ugly forever.
- The furniture is rarely used.
Trash. We become garbage. I want to help you.
There must be a way to break the curse.
There is one way.
You do not have to think about it.
We choose our options, and we must bear the consequences.
Termia love, Agathe.
Love looks way of thinking is not the appearance.
And because it was the angel of love blinded his eyes.
You know Shakespeare.
My education is quite high.
Romeo and Juliet is my favorite.
I'm not surprised.
- She let her heart melt and...
You'd better read another.
Like what?
You can start reading all that is here.
You're going to do it?
Yes, I think so.
If you really like it, then all of it is yours.
Not all.
Some of them speak Greek. Are you kidding me?
Can you kidding me right now?
Maybe.
The air is so blue and clear and cold.
Frozen in thin sheets.
Rolled stems and twigs
Each foliage in a blanket by glass.
I feel like I've seen this.
But in the silence He heard whispers from all asleep.
Look at me.
Come and wake me up.
SONG:
something THERE # There is a sweet and good #
# But he was nasty and rude #
# He glanced over here I think I see #
#When the touch he does not tremble viewed cakarku #
# New and makes me uneasy #
#Who would have thought this could happen? #
# True, he is not a handsome prince #
# But there was something about him that I did not realize #
Who would have thought ### Bless my soul #
#Who would have thought they would unite with itself # lt is strange ###We see #
#We pay attention to a few days away #
# There may be something that was not there # # There may be something there that was not there #
What, Mom?
# There may be something there that was not there #
What is that?
What is going on over there? I'll let you know when you've grown.
- What are you reading?
- lt is nothing. I guess "Lancelot."
Actually, "King Arthur and the Knights of the Roundtable."
Nonetheless,
- The reading romance. - OK. I have to thank you for saving my life.
I have to thank you because it has been rescued from the wolf.
- You know how to enjoy life.
When I walked into the room and laughing.
I also.
The villagers told me a strange girl.
I do not know they are praising or insulting.
Your village does not seem good.
It was a gift from the witch.
Books that can help you escape.
Awesome. This game is the most violent.
Almost like a curse.
But you can.
Think of a place you want to visit.
Where is this?
Paris.
Oh, I remember Paris.
What do you want to see first?
Rotterdam.
SONG:
How Does a Moment Last Forever # This is my childhood Paris #
Once this is my life boundary ##
#At the top of a rickety and dusty attic is #
#Where an artist mencinitai wife #
# Easy to remember #
# Difficult to forget #
# Has gone #
What happened to your mother? He never told me.
Mask doctor.
We have to go now.
Let us go home.
It sucks.
At least we were not in the trees and surrounded by a pack of wolves.
You know not too late to go back.
Every time I close my eyes, I imagined when I was stranded, and when I opened my eyes...
Gaston.
You're trying to kill Maurice?
Maurice.
Fortunately.
I've been looking for five days. You're trying to kill me.
You left me with a herd of wolves.
Wolf?
I understand, if you're imagining, but not if you accusing me of deliberately want to kill you.
Maurice, do you have proof?
- Tanya Agathe, he saved me.
You accuse based on statements from an old woman?
Sorry, Agathe.
Mr. LeFou.
He was there.
She saw everything. I?
You are right.
Do not joke.
LeFou. Dear friend of mine.
is it me, the most loyal friend, tried to kill the father of a woman who I really love?
That question is quite difficult.
He did not try to kill Maurice.
Basic you... Maurice.
I hate to say this, but you'll endanger yourself and the people around you.
That is why Belle run.
You need help.
Everything will be alright.
I saw her in the ballroom and said,
"l will make all look beautiful and tonight we'll dance."
I did not think he would say "yes."
- No, sir. It was perfect.
Petals roses are only four, it means to be tonight.
You must tell your feelings to her.
I feel stupid.
- He might not love me.
- Do not be discouraged.
He is. Stop saying that.
- No way we are united.
- You care about him, is not it?
Then, with romantic music and candles...
True, and when the time is right...
How could I know?
Do not worry, sir. You'll be fine.
Do not be too nervous and say you feel about Belle.
Because if not, I swear you will drink cold tea forever.
- ln the dark.
- Full dust. Dark and very dusty.
Starting from his hair, comb his hair.
I'll take care of her nails.
I'll brush her teeth.
Rub her nails. Polishing horns.
OK. I can clean up this.
Oh, beautiful.
Beauty and the Beast story of the ancient ##
#What is the real #
### But not friends fall in love #
#Without the suspect #
# Only a few changes #
### Both Little change slightly scared #
# Both were not ready #
# The beauty and the Beast #
Always the same ##
#Always surprising #
# Same as previous # #Always confident #
#As the sun always rises #
# The story of the ancient #
# The music is old-fashioned #
# Fun painful and strange # # Be aware you can change #
# Be aware that you're wrong #
#As Like the sun #
The rises in the East ### The story of the ancient #
# Rhythms ancient song #
# The beauty and the Beast #
### The story is ancient ancient rhythm of the song #
# The beauty and the Beast #
After all this time, I almost forgot the taste.
This seems stupid.
For such a creature I hope One day it will get your attention.
- l do not know.
Do you think you will be happy here?
Whether a person can be happy without freedom?
My father taught me how to dance.
I often stepped on his foot.
You must miss him.
Very.
You want to see him?
I want to see my father.
Father!
What did they do to him?
He is in danger!
Then you have to get there.
What are you saying?
You've got to save.
Bring it.
So you have a way to see me.
Sir, I've figured everything would run smoothly. True love always wins.
I let it go.
What?
Sir, why did you do it?
I must.
- But why?
- Because he loves her.
- So why do we not change?
- Because Belle does not love him.
- Now it's too late. - But he might come back.
No.
I released him.
I hope I can do the same thing to you.
Go.
Our time is running out.
Go on, my love.
I who have myself.
I am the master of my faith.
I never needed anybody in my life.
I learned today.
I'll never feel the pain.
I closed my eyes, but he's still there.
More than me.
Now I know you never feel it.
Although he escaped.
He kept torturing me, coming to hurt me, menggerakanku, come against me.
Waiting for my loneliness.
Waiting at the end of the open door.
I feel myself to appear in front of him.
And along with me forever more.
I'm ready to fight a crazy court.
I hit the light is blurred.
He is already in reach.
He was never far outside.
And I knew he would never see me.
Although he felt guilt.
He's still inside me.
He taught everything I do.
Waiting loneliness, waiting at the end of the open door.
I walked right in front of him.
And it perbicaraan in a very long night.
I think it could be waiting here forever more...
Exempt queen, please.
He was in the hospital.
Not in silence.
Do not you see? You deserve to be in a mental hospital?
You would not last a week.
Submit your daughter to me, and I'll set you free.
Stop.
- Pa.
- Oh, boy. - l thought I lost you.
- Let her go.
Please release him.
We can not do that Miss Potts, we'll take care of it properly.
My father was not crazy.
Gaston. Tell him.
You know how I am loyal to your family, but your father made amazing claims.
That's right Bell.
He discusses about a monster in the palace.
I just got out of the palace, and there was a monster.
You can say anything to release, words are difficult to prove.
You want proof?
Show me the monster that to me!
That's the proof.
It's unbelievable.
See the monster.
Look at this.
Here.
Gosh.
Do not be afraid.
She is gentle, and kind.
It smelled like a monster.
If I do not know right or bad.
He remains concerned him. He was not a monster, Gaston!
You're the monster.
Monster was not going to hurt anyone.
Hearts have been infected with dark magic, I've never seen in my life.
This rift in our great justice.
Yes! Do something!
We're not going to run to win from monsters. Catch him also. No!
- Get him! - No!
You're not going to get away with this, Gaston.
Gaston.
You want to be next? That's what I said.
Alert, this village will be damned if we do not stop it.
- Yes!
- We kill that monster!
Kill the monster! Kill him!
It's safe here until he comes at night to scare us.
With sacrifice. I was not appetizing at the monsters.
He will attack our village, do not let him free.
It is now time for action, everything.
Now it's time to follow.
He disguised himself and came out of the darkness, From the shadow of a nightmare.
And it was most encouraging. Save them.
He would sneak into the palace, and did something terrible inside.
He's a monster, he's got fangs.
Sharp. Large claw, claw killer for a party
Hear him roar, see the foam!
But we did not get home before he died! Until he's dead!
Kill the monster!
Turn obormu, Saddle your horse.
Put your courage in place.
Call it war, call it a threat.
You can bet they will all follow for at a time like this, they will carry out my orders.
Running clay, no question.
But I'm worried that the wrong monster released. Take ajourney!
Calculate! Hold your sword! Hold thine!
Praise the Lord and here we come!
Show me the palace.
At least they finally learn to love.
In other words, they do not have love.
It's the first time for me I was being rude.
you hear that? is it painful? is he back?
I told you.
Lots of infidels.
We fight them.
This is it.
That is true love.
Prepare mortar, and step aside.
There is a place in the back, we had to line up in battle.
and not afraid of the dangers that come.
There were black in this song, We will give this song.
We came to fight.
Come on, we need help.
- We must help the monster.
He let me go.
He released me to see you.
I do not understand.
I know what happened to my mother.
Then you know why I have to keep it secret?
I had to protect you, I should always protect my daughter.
Possible excessive.
I understand.
This is dangerous.
Yes.
I could try to damage the lock.
The key is to me, this. Padlock.
You need something sharp.
Like that.
Perfect.
- l'm really sorry to bother you, - she did not return.
No, they were behind the door.
It is okay.
Let them enter.
Kill the monster!
Kill the monster!
- lt did not work. - l know.
Kill the monster! Kill the monster!
Do not you realize that this house may be hunted?
Do not let yourself uneasy.
This place looks familiar. I had never been here before.
Oh, hello.
You must teacup spoke.
And you must be his mother.
The mother of his best friends?
Attack!
Gaston!
Gaston.
- Please.
Do you have children?
Good son.
Fool intruders arrived.
Those soldiers who called the shots book, great warrior.
Time's up.
Quiet.
Come here little boy.
I moved here and there.
Young boys here.
go after him!
Flush with hot water.
Please dont.
Ma!
thanks.
Semprotanku.
Lost?
I was in the Gaston, We're in a bad place at the moment.
You're too good for him.
Preparing to meet him.
- Humans are sweet.
- Destroy the piano.
I'm stronger. Go!
Take this.
Watch your step.
Why are you leaving?
I Gaston.
Belle sent me.
You fell in love with her?
Do you honestly think he wants?
Where is he?
When we returned to the village, you will marry me
And then he will die. - Let her go.
You.
I tell you, monster.
Back!
I tried to stop them.
Stay there. I come.
I'm not a monster.
Go! Exit.
I'll never leave you again.
It's time for me to go.
We're together now.
You'll be fine.
This is the last time for me to see you.
Please dont.
Back.
We managed to Plumete.
Victory is ours.
Everything is ours.
Plumete. Plumete.
Oh, my dear, Plumete.
- Oh.
- Maestro, you're very brave.
Goodbye my love.
Tea!
Tea!
You see Chip?
- l can not talk.
- lt's okay hour box.
An hour, unable to move.
Say that again.
Boy, look at you.
You become a child again.
I could smell You smell, dear.
You smell very fragrant.
All turned to humans.
You are there.
You changed.
- Henry.
- Henry?
- Oh, I'm so lonely.
To become an hour.
To become an hour.
Lumieas.
See.
Oh, prince. - Hello, old friend.
- Nice to meet you. - You look like a nanny? - No, she was the queen.
She was the queen.
The oldest fairy tales.
Papa.
Hunger turned into a party.
Nothing could be delivered.
- What is that? - How are you feeling slightly grow?
I do not know.
Certain as the sun.
Rises in the east.
The oldest fairy tales, poems are the oldest song.
Beauty and the Monster.
The oldest fairy tales. The oldest song rhyme.
Beauty and the Monster.
Water
Water is
Water is life.
Bassin de rtention d'eau  Tamera (Portugal)
avec Sepp Holzer et Benrd Mller
Water is life.
Water is the most important thing.
The whole world is 70% water.
We, animals, everything-70% water.
Water is the key issue for the survival human kind on this planet.
Nature has provided enough water everywhere on earth;
but, a billion people do not have sufficient access to clean drinking water.
More and more regions lack the water to grow the food they need.
Centralized systems of artificial water management cannot solve this problem.
We need de-centralized systems of natural water management.
We are in Tamera Peace Research Center in southern Portugal, where a water retention landscape has been in development since summer 2007.
Bernd Muller is responsible for Tamera's ecological research work.
In 2007 the community of Tamera still had the question whether a site of this size threatened by desertification could provide food, water and energy for 300 people.
We visited Sepp Holzer and asked him this question and he brought us this gift the vision of a water landscape.
Sepp Holzer, an Austrian mountain farmer, is a well-known specialist and visionary for permaculture and landscape healing.
Water is always at the core of his work.
For me water is the most important capital.
Wherever it's possible, you should create retention spaces and collect the rain water and re-learn with the water how to maintain a balance.
This is the most important thing because once you've created the right hydrological balance,
70% of the work is done.
ou help rich vegetation to develop, diversity ecause nature can reveal itself and develop in the right way.
Traveling through the world I have not seen a single situation, nation or land in which the development of a water retention landscape would not give the first important healing impulses.
In many parts of the world, countries are not able to feed their population anymore.
They have been unable to maintain their natural wildlife for a long time.
As a consultant in many countries
Sepp Holzer sees the consequence of deforestation, monoculture, overgrazing and industrial agriculture.
All these factors destroy the natural water balance.
The soil is drying out.
Water is being lost and the retention space, the natural water storage system of the earth, is becoming dry and the flora and fauna disappear.
In the end the land will turn into desert or burn ecause it's so dry.
You can see these problems happening all over the world, bringing huge catastrophes.
And the heavy rains come anyway.
What happens then?
The water rushes down the slopes because the dry soil does not absorb the water.
When the soil is hotter than the falling rain it rejects the water.
Only when the soil is cooler, when the vegetation is giving shadow then it attracts the water and lets it seep in.
This is the construction site for a new water retention space in Tamera.
Wherever you work with soil you can read the signs of erosion.
Topsoil should actually form a thick, living layer everywhere on the ground which enables rainwater to filter in.
But, this layer has been eroded away.
Now the topsoil lies in layers many meters thick in the bottom of valleys or is found as mud in rivers.
The surface of fields and sites higher up is depleted and barren.
De-centralized water retention landscapes give the water time to filter back into the earth body.
People always have the same questions, always the same worries, where will all this water come from ?
in such dusty dry soil without streams or a river.
How can I build a lake here ?
People have simply lost the knowledge of how to use the catchment area and the rain, the blessing of the water in the right way.
When I use the catchment area, thereupon, the lake will fill very quickly.
How much water can change a landscape in a short time.
We can see here, comparing Tamera before the creation of Lake 1 and today.
Water retention landscapes can be built everywhere.
Anywhere on earth.
A water retention space must not be sealed with concrete or plastic.
It is enough to build a dam out of natural material at the narrowest point of a valley.
You dig a ditch until you reach an impermeable layer.
On that solid ground you apply layer after layer of fine material, like moist clay and drive on it and roll it to build the water barrier.
This water barrier is the core of the dam.
For the outside of the dam I take course material, it doesn't have to be dense and water-proof.
Of course,
I will also have to compact it by driving on it and rolling it.
And like this, I build the whole dam, the water barrier in the core nd on the outside in a slope of 1 to 2, 1 meter up and 2 meters along, like this I build the two layers together, up to the top.
The water retention spaces have winding banks, shallow and deep zones, a diverse vegetation of water plants and are built aligned to the prevailing wind direction this way the water is always moving, is enriched with oxygen,
and thus is naturally purified.
The water in a water retention landscape stays fresh and alive by itself.
Since we created the first retention space, we can already keep much of the water from the winter rainfalls on the land.
In this way in can unfold its full healing capacity, the wildlife is responding and is returning and the vegetation is recovering.
We can plant fruit trees again, the forests recover and we can grow our food for people and for animals in the direct surroundings of the first retention space.
The water which used to run away and which is now stored here is at the same time also having an impact on the whole groundwater system.
In the first year, a spring developed below this lake which now gives water throughout the year.
Since we built this first dam, we no longer have such big variations with a lot of flowing water in winter when it's raining and droughts in the summer.
We have a more constant water situation throughout the year, which is of course a huge benefit for nature.
Nature shows you how this works, you just have to ask her, have to contact her, to communicate with her, then you will be fine anywhere on earth.
Ask nature, think with her and not against her.
Put yourself in her place and you get all the answers you need.
Make room in your head so that natural thinking has space to happen.
There has been abnormal mutant activity in the Tohoku area.
Did you find something out?
Nothing in particular.
It's jumping to conclusions to blame the twisted bridge and the strange occurrence in the river on mutants.
However, the U-Men's mutant detection device found a strong signal.
I can't understand that.
But I'm surprised.
Little Hisako becoming a member of the X-Men!
When I remembered the Sasaki Institute, Professor X was happy, too.
Charles was...
Will Professor X be joining you here as well?
No. He left the investigation to us.
-l see.
-What exactly is this Sasaki Academy?
We were never as big as the Xavier Institute, but we took in the mutant children from the area temporarily.
So, are you also a mutant?
-No.
-ln that case, why?
I wanted to do something for the children who were snubbed and couldn't go to school, just because they were mutants.
But... I suppose there were limits to what I could do alone.
So you shut it down?
Yes. Now I use the facility for medical and mutant research.
You know, Dr. Sasaki, I... I was really good friends with a kid in school.
Good friends?
Yeah. I think that kid was a little younger than me.
It was a boy, but... I can't remember him no matter how hard I try.
Dr. Sasaki, do you remember him?
Back then I had so many children here. I really don't remember.
Doctor!
It's almost time for the meeting.
These are the members of my research team. From the left, this is Koichi Kaga,
Jun Sanada, and Riko Nirasaki.
And these are the X-Men.
I've heard about what you've done. It's an honor to meet you.
-That's everyone?
-Yes.
Go ahead.
Excuse me.
The weather appears to be clearing.
It might be a good time to go check on the Blackbird.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but could I borrow some tools?
-Yes.
-l'll go, too.
-l'm coming, too.
-Scott.
You talk to Hisako and Emma.
However...
Understood.
The research facility is in the back of this house.
The main equipment is underground.
A boy...
Younger than me...
Hisako.
You used to go to an ordinary school, right?
Yeah. I used to come to the Academy after my regular school let out.
Maybe that boy was a friend of yours at school?
-Maybe...
-By the way, Yui.
Aren't you an acquaintance of Professor X?
Yes. It was more than 15 years ago, but I did meet him once.
More than 15 years ago?
But we were never close.
It was such a long time ago, I don't really remember.
I have to go to a meeting, so please make yourselves at home.
If you need anything, you can reach me on this intercom.
I feel like Dr. Sasaki's changed.
Changed?
Yeah. She used to be kinder and warmer, I think.
She still seems kind, at least to me.
That's true, but...
Yui Sasaki is lying.
She said she hasn't seen Professor X in 15 years.
But she has seen him since then.
Did you read her mind?
It's because of things like that that people hate mutants.
No. I didn't use telepathy.
This is a woman's intuition, right?
A woman's intuition?
When we mentioned the Professor, she called him "Charles."
Even though they weren't that close.
Some people use first names even with people they're not friendly with.
But she had asked you if Professor X was planning on coming.
Yui Sasaki is involved with Professor X on a much deeper level.
A deeper level...
-All right, let's pull it out!
-That's impossible.
I'm joking.
Storm!
Could you melt all this ice?
That's also impossible. Look at this snow.
I wonder if you could even call it snow.
At first glance, it seems like snow, but...
It doesn't melt. It's not even cold.
It seems more like a mineral.
So in Japan they have diamond or ruby snow?
Of course not.
It's as ifjust this place was suddenly changed.
At any rate, there's nothing we can do like this.
I'll contact Charles and have him send a spare Blackbird.
Yui Sasaki?
Yes, I thought I'd let you know, just in case.
Understood. ln any event, I'll send you the backup jet at once.
Thank you.
-It's been a while.
-Yui.
I wasn't expecting you to contact me.
From the sound of it, you've already heard a report about me.
I hear you've shut down the Academy.
Let me just state my business. I want to continue my research here in peace.
Are you saying the X-Men are in the way?
I'll help if needed. But I want them out of here as soon as the investigation is over.
would something be disturbed if they stay too long?
It may be the key to solving the string of mutant occurrences around your lab.
I have nothing to do with it.
I'm not so sure about that. When I sent my mind to Tohoku,
I saw you and a boy.
I couldn't see his face, but you overlapped with him.
Does that boy have anything to do with you?
Why did he enter my mind?
Answer me, Yui.
That boy is probably Takeo.
Takeo?
He's my son. Mine...
And yours.
Our son?
You're telling me I have a son?
So then that was...
My son entered my consciousness.
That is incorrect.
If you say you saw him, then you just happened to look in my mind.
But I'm certain I met that boy.
You said you couldn't see his face. That's natural.
Because Takeo is already gone.
What does that mean?
Do you mean our son is dead?
Someday I'll tell you everything.
But for now, please stop meddling in my affairs.
Staying here is pointless.
In the meantime, let's go back to the Sasaki house.
An avalanche?
Doesn't seem like it.
is a mountain monster making snowmen or...
What on earth is that?
It seems that snowman has business with us.
So let's go say hello!
Wait!
-What's that?
-Storm.
There's one here, too.
Greetings, ladies and gentlemen of the X-Men.
How do you like Japan?
It's not bad. The food is good and the scenery's nice.
Then you'll have no regrets when I kill you here!
Sorry, but I haven't seen any Kabuki yet.
What are you?
Some kind of hedgehog monster?
Beast!
Did you pulverize him?
There was no resistance.
You are pretty tough.
It's about time.
What?
So that was the aim of the attack just now.
The greetings are finished. Let's meet again.
I see. He can liquefy his body.
That's why he offered no resistance.
This is no time for analysis!
Let's get out of here!
Jun?
I'm going to take my shot in my room.
Make sure the X-Men don't see you.
-Be careful.
-l understand.
Hisako?
is something wrong with your right hand?
The bruise on my hand is hurting.
Bruise?
It used to be bigger.
-Do you remember an injury or a burn?
-No.
Mom and Dad also say they don't remember it, so I thought it was just a birthmark.
It suddenly started hurting when I got here.
-Has it ever hurt you like this before?
-l don't think so.
That's strange, I wonder if something irritated it.
I...
-l'm going to ask Dr. Sasaki for an ointment.
-Hey!
-She told us to use the intercom, remember?
-It's all right. It's not as if she's going outside.
But...
This is a good opportunity. I need to talk to you.
Talk?
blackbird auto-piIot engaged. Launch preparations complete.
You want me to let you read my mind?
-Yes.
-What for?
To remove your hesitation.
My hesitation?
I heard you couldn't fight the berserk mutant at the U-Men base and almost lost your life.
is it because of Jean?
The Professor proved I had nothing to do with Jean's death.
So what is making you suffer?
Hisako also asked me. "Help him," she said.
It's none of her business.
She's worried about you in her own way.
And I also don't want a leader who's so hesitant.
At this rate, it may impede our work as X-Men.
Face your heart.
I'm sure Jean would wish for that, too.
-l don't like this.
-What's wrong?
Yui Sasaki said she introduced us to everyone in the mansion.
But I can still smell someone else in there.
Indeed. She doesn't seem to want us there.
Yui Sasaki's presence at the center of the mutant phenomena and the appearance of the U-Men seems a bit too much for coincidence.
Seems we'd better keep an eye on Yui Sasaki.
That's why I asked Scott and Emma to stay.
Scott. The X-Men are a light for mutants.
I want to become that light.
And I want to continue shining a light on the future for human and mutant children.
I'm begging you, Scott. kill me.
You know I couId never do thatI
You...
What did you do to Jean's heart?
I love you, Scott...
Jean!
You are?
Now you die, too.
Scott.
Dr. Sasaki?
-Feeling better?
-Yeah.
The shadow you saw behind Jean, it's natural that you'd think it was me.
I was attacked by myself. What on earth was that?
That must have been your subconscious, the part of your mind where you can't forgive yourself for not saving Jean.
I... tried to escape my inability to save Jean by blaming you for her death.
You're right, the one person I can't forgive is myself.
Now that I know you had nothing to do with Jean's death, what should I do?
One year ago, if I'd been there when Jean went berserk, I might have been able to save her.
And you, as well.
Listen to me, Scott.
Aren't you the one who taught Hisako that an X-Man's most important quality is his heart?
You need a stronger heart than anyone else.
Don't let Jean's will go to waste.
I want to become that light. And I...
I want to continue shining a light on the future for human and mutant children.
So now you want to coach me, just like Hisako?
The beast that suddenly appeared in the lab turns out to have an unexpected identity.
Amid the confusion, Emma becomes suspicious of Yui Sasaki's assistant Jun.
meanwhile, danger approaches Professor X as he flies to Tohoku from New York on the blackbird.
A new facet of the case is revealed.
Next time on X-Men.: Lost
 Ole, ole, ole, ole... 
Get in the car!
Who are you?
I'm the man whose money you took.
He'll get done, sooner or later.
I made a call.
There's one thing nobody can escape from, it don't matter how big a master criminal you are.
The VAT man.
Well done on bringing us the money.
Welcome to Morocco.
Help!
HELP!
For your own sake, I suggest you answer these questions truthfully.
Why are you on this boat?
That's... er...
That's all of us going on a fishing trip.
I remember that day... happy times.
You are putting a bag in the car.
What was it?
Probably fishing gear.
Bax?
Quinn?
Tell me about this, please.
Where did you learn how to do this?
What is happening here?
That's... that's just lads on holiday, innit?
You know, things get a bit out of control.
Hello?
Who's there?
Hello?
Who are you?
Where are my friends?
You all OK?
They... shaved me.
And they bust my new glasses.
Where are we?
Said Morocco, didn't they?
Yeah, I know that.
But where?
Did they show you the pictures?
What pictures?
What do you say to 'em Rick?
Nothing. Obviously. Don't tell them anything, all right.
Not until we get some kind of legal representation.
Someone from the embassy - Amnesty or someone.
How you gonna get in touch with them?
Who are they anyway?
They're some kind of militia or something, aren't they?
They knew we had that money. They picked us off.
They're probably using the money for some extremist movement.
So now we're funding terrorists.
Oh, great. This just gets better and better.
He was wearing a shirt, with a Marks and Spencer's label on.
I saw it sticking out.
Who?
My interrogator.
I mean, extremists...
They don't shop at MS, do they?
They might.
Shall we go and help him?
Best not to get involved.
You all right, mate?
It's a woman.
Serious. It's a bird!
Uh! Argh!
I was just trying to see if you were OK.
I'm Quinn.
What sort of fag name is that?
Dunno. Ask my dad.
Named after my grandfather, I think.
I'm Mercedes. Hi.
- Your dad into cars then?
- Heard of the Count of Monte Cristo, dumb fuck?
Yeah... no... yeah - fuck, I dunno, I can't remember.
Um... uh...
Can I just ask, what's with all the rough stuff?
It's what they do if you don't tell them what they want.
A bunch of COCKSUCKERS! Come on!
Do you have any idea how we might get in touch with someone from the British Government?
Yeah, it's easy.
They're in there.
Eh? What?
It's the Foreign Office.
Sorry.
What is this place exactly?
It's where they bring people to question... ..when they don't want anyone to know they're doing it.
Oh, great.
A week ago, I was standing in line, holding a tuna baguette, queuing up for easyJet.
"Dear God, please help me see danger coming my way,
"and forgive the body count I will be sending your way."
"Never pick up a dead man's gun."
"I...
"..heart...
"..
Bin Laden."
Right.
We should go en masse and demand to speak to whoever's in charge and make them understand they can't just keep us here.
There's laws and protocols...
You think they'll care about that?
They still have to abide by them.
Says who?
Woody, this is our government.
Governments can't just hold us indefinitely for no reason.
Course they can!
They do it all the time.
You remember those plane spotters in Greece?
You remember that?
They said they were spies. And what about Guantanamo?
Nobody even knew who was in there.
Get off!
Come on!
What?
It takes two of ya?
All right?
How did you end up here then, love?
I was in Kabul, "love".
You in the army then?
No, I went there because I like the opera.
Didn't like what I saw, so I went AWOL.
Took a long fucking walk.
Posted some things on the web.
Things I thought people should see.
Secrets?
There are no secrets. Only hidden truths.
Nah. Just bitching about the food and the way they treat people.
Now they think I'm bloody Wikileaks. Dickheads.
How long do they usually keep people in here for?
As long as they want.
This place don't exist.
Therefore, you don't exist.
What did you all do anyway?
Fellas, can I... have a word?
In private.
This could be a trick. She could be working for them.
You not seen her face?
They kicked her head in.
She's trying to scare us and then befriend us, you know.
Get us to confess everything.
You got a point.
Oi, wuss-bags.
Just ignore her.
Keep walking.
Keep walking...
What, you not talking to me now?
I ain't the enemy.
Anyway, if I wanted info out of you, I'd just....
..beat it out of you.
Get off me, you lunatic woman!
Ever had a cauliflower ear, Quinn?
Or a wet willy?
Aaaaah!
You know what Churchill said?
Fuck off!
"If you're going through hell, keep going".
Tough it out, guys!
You can get through this.
You got each other for a start.
I'm the one all on her lonesome.
Don't see me walking around with the clown's frown.
She's got a point you know.
We've really need to stay positive.
Good idea, Woody.
Tell you what, why don't we see if they can organise basket weaving classes or something?
Put our time to good use.
Only trying to help, knobhead.
Well, you're not.
Saying "cheer up, it may never happen" doesn't cut it.
So, what, do you think it's somehow harder for you, Quinn?
I don't think anything, Bax.
Because I'm stuck in an illegal prison in the middle of the Sahara fucking desert.
And why am I here?
Because you persuaded me that a weekend away would be "a laugh".
I persuaded you?
You called me.
I've never called you, Baxter.
I've never called you because I cannot bear your incessant moaning and complaining.
Oh, right, great - thanks.
That's nice.
Great time to get that out in the open.
You told me you came because Rick persuaded you.
Yup.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Blame Rick.
Yeah, waiting for that one.
Shove it up your arse, Quinn.
You shove it up yours.
Nice toughing it out guys.
Oi, Quinnbo, you know there's no "I" in team, don't you?
No.
But there's a "U" in "fuck you".
What's going on?
Stop it!
Get off!
Get off me!
No, please, I haven't done anything.
Please don't, please.
No...
Woods...!
Get your hands off him!
Rick!
Quinn!
Stop it!
Please...
Baxter!
Bax, please...
Help!
Get off!
What's happening?
Please, don't.
Let go!
Where are you taking him?
Leave him alone!
BAX!
Get your hands off him, you slags!
You bastards!
I watched the door all night to see if he'd come out.
Yeah, me too.
Shit, no...
Come on.
Let's not think the worst.
Hiya.
I think there's more grub on the side.
Just help yourself.
We've been worried sick.
You've been gone all night.
What happened?
I dunno... weird.
They asked me a bunch more questions and suddenly it was all, you know, tea and toast.
You should get some.
Come, please.
Oi!
Is it all right if I bring my tea, chief?
Sit.
Fortunately for you... ..we're not actually interested in what you did over the last few days.
All we wanted to know was who you were financing.
We weren't financing anyone.
We were just trying to get home.
With five million euros?
We have at our disposal DNA databases, forensic analysis, satellite imaging technology.
If that doesn't give us what we need, we employ enhanced interrogation techniques.
If we want to find out the truth, we do.
And now, we have.
We made a mistake.
It happens.
So...
You can go.
Just sign these and we'll get you to the airport and on a flight.
Hang on.
Does that mean that we can...?
Please don't ask if you can keep the money.
Do you want us to do anything for you, back home?
Little candle-lit vigil?
Coloured rubber wrist bands - "Free Mercedes".
Take care.
Mrs Peters. 101 Bridge Road, Crawley.
It's my mum.
Just let her know I'm all right.
Don't mention this, eh?
You take care of yourself.
Seriously?
Did you really think we were going to get out of there?
Two nights in.
Nah... thought that was it.
What went through your mind?
Well, first of all, my kids...
Carmen, and then just like, stupid stuff, like...
I thought I'd never get to see United play again.
I kept thinking of my kids.
Kept seeing their little faces.
Then I thought about Nina....
I started to think about all the things they'd find out about me, you know, when I was dead.
And what if they stopped loving me?
I wouldn't be there to tell them that that's not what I'm like.
Be honest, kid, you were worried about her finding your porno collection.
Nah, I don't know.
Things that might be misinterpreted.
You know, e-mails, receipts.
Yeah, I didn't think of that.
I wonder what people would really make of all this back home?
They might wonder why four grown men went on holiday together, saying they were going to Spain and actually ending up in Morocco.
If anyone so much as mentions "bad luck", they're walking.
Be a long walk back, pal, we've been driving for nearly an hour.
Haven't seen so much as a camel.
He's gone.
He's not coming back, is he?
Two stay, two go and get help.
Shouldn't we all go?
Why?
Or stay?
We'll double our chances if we split.
Halve them you mean.
Who wants to stay?
I do.
I do.
I do.
I'll go.
Come on.
You two stay here, if the driver comes back, just all stay with the car, all right?
Do you believe in destiny, Bax?
No.
So shut up.
Fate then?
Rick, please.
No destiny, no fate, no karma, no spells, no curses.
This is just a series of misunderstandings, OK?
Could have happened to anybody.
No more, no less.
Who's...?
Come on!
Get in.
You are about to be shot, get in!
Bax, get in.
Woods!
Quinn!
Hey!
Slow down, slow down.
- We had some disturbing intel.
- Well, if it's bad news can you just lie to me?
I'd like to know what's going on, please.
A covert department of the CIA, the Special Activities Division has activated a kill contract on you.
Sorry?
What are you talking about?
Evidently, you've intersected a line of narco-finance and...
Wait.
Stop.
Hang on.
Now this might be because of the sun and this whole desert, shot at scenario thing but I'm just finding it a little hard to concentrate.
Would you mind talking to me as if I'm five years old?
Your man in Majorca...
..has operated successfully for so long because he gives huge kickbacks to the American security services.
What?
He's paying the CIA to protect him?
Narco-finance is a major revenue stream
- for American black ops.
- Like a five-year-old, please.
Dirty tricks.
Security activities they don't want people to know about.
Drugs deals have been financing dodgy US foreign policy for years.
Not really new news.
Why would they want to kill us?
One of you tipped off the authorities in the UK.
A contact inside Customs and Excise.
Your man here retaliated by telling the Special Activities Division you were about to blow their op wide open.
So now they have to take you out.
No, this... this is crazy.
I mean...
Why can't you just tell them, all right, that we're not the people that they think we are?
This goes higher than us.
This kind of thing brings down governments.
Iran Contra anyone?
Which is why removing you is an easy piece of damage limitation.
They can't just shoot four blokes who just happened to go on holiday together.
Under the aegis of "the global war on terror", they can shoot anyone they like.
And do.
That's who shot at us?
The CIA?
No.
They'd have tasked local contractors.
So nothing can be linked back to them.
You got lucky...
But this isn't going to go away.
OK, let's get practical, then.
So what are the options?
Well, there must be something?
Right...
Right - there may be a solution but we have to act now.
Like, this minute.
Your presence here is getting a little itchy for us.
Excuse us for the inconvenience!
We may be able to get you out.
Take you to another country.
New identities.
Then what?
Then I'm afraid you're on your own.
How long would this be for?
Maybe for ever.
- We can never go home?
- It's the only offer on the table.
No, no, no, that's...
That's not an option.
No.
I'm going home and...
If you go back, you'll be putting your families at risk as well.
That is a guarantee.
OK, let me just see if this is even logistically possible.
Stand up.
Get up.
OK.
We can do it.
We have a scrambled phone link.
You can each of you make one phone call home but you must not, under any circumstances, tell them where you are and what is happening.
Amy...
Yeah, I know, I'm sorry that I haven't rung.
Listen to me for a second, love.
Nina...
Just stop, just let me talk, darling, OK?
Right...
There's no easy way of saying this, OK, so I'm just going to say it straight out.
I'm not coming back.
Wait, wait, wait -
I don't know who to phone.
Well, I do, I want to speak to my kids, but I don't know which one to choose.
If I've only got one call, which one do I call?
You can't make me choose.
I need you to phone my folks,
I want you to tell them that I'm fine and everything's OK, that I'm just going to go travelling for a little bit.
Rachel, are the girls with you?
Where are they?
Shit...
I want you to tell the girls that I love them both very much...
I don't know how long.
I know, I'm sorry.
Just please, please...
Don't let them think that I've abandoned them...
..because that is not what's happened.
I've met someone.
Oh, Amy...
Please, just tell the kids, OK, that it's not because of them,
I'm sorry Nina.
I'm really sorry.
Dad, it's me.
Yeah, no, I know, I thought I'd be back by now as well.
No, no, everything's fine.
It's just...
I think I'm going to stay out here a little longer.
What?
Well, what happened to your satellite dish?
I can't hear you Rachel, say that again.
Take care?
Er...
Yeah, OK.
I will.
You too.
Go back to the shop where you bought it from, right, and ask someone there to help you, they'll help you.
Well, it's just because I don't know when I'm going to be back, Dad.
Fuck...
No, no, you're right, I'm sorry, I know I shouldn't swear.
Dad, listen to me, OK?
You've been brilliant, Dad.
Yeah, just take care.
Yeah...
I love you, Dad.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
I know you all think it's my fault, don't you?
You think it's my fault because I phoned the VAT man.
It's nobody's fault, Rick.
It's just...
I don't know, the universe conspiring against us or something.
And has been since we set foot in Alvo's villa.
A fly saved my life.
What?
Out in the desert.
If it hadn't been for that fly, I'd have had my head blown off.
And the weird thing was, we'd met before.
We'd... ..bonded.
Four hours now.
How far are we going?
Any idea where we're going yet?
Is that a don't know, or won't say?
Bax?
What you going to call yourself?
What do you mean?
Your name.
We can't use our own names right?
Oh.
Hey...
I'm gonna be Floyd.
That's what I'm gonna call myself.
Floyd...
Floyd Carter.
You can't call yourself that.
Why?
It's a black name.
Is it?
It's like calling yourself...
Everton or Tyrell, or something.
You can't.
Needs to be something ordinary...
Tony.
Tony Smith.
My name's Tony...
Smith.
Why can't I be Tony Smith?
You call yourself whatever you like, mate.
Sir Tony Smith if you want, mate.
We should call ourselves names that mean something.
You know, like the native Americans do.
I'll be Running Scared.
I'll be...
Mr Dances With Wolves.
No, I mean something...
Something with hope in it.
You know, like...
If I was a girl, I'd call myself... ..well, Hope.
You could be Bob Hope.
New hope.
New house.
Aaron... no, Adam.
Adam Newhouse.
James...
Kirk.
Jamie....
Jamie Kirk, then.
Blake...
Lin...
Blake...
Hee...
Ha...
Hatch.
Blake Hatch.
Tony Smith, Adam Newhouse, Jamie Kirk and... ..Blake Hatch.
Welcome to your new fucking lives.
Where are we?
South Africa.
We're on the other side of the world.
Do they speak English here?
Uh...
I think so.
What's it like?
I don't know.
This will all sort out, won't it?
Eh?
A week from now, we'll be in a pub in London, we'll be laughing about this.
Some rand to get you through the first few weeks.
A driving licence form and some other ID stuff you'll need to fill in.
How do we get in touch with you?
You don't.
Right, OK.
- How do we keep in touch?
- You won't be able to.
It's too dangerous.
Hang on a minute.
What happens if it's safe for us, if it becomes safe for us to go home, to break cover?
How will we know that?
As far as anyone else knows now, you don't exist.
That's your best chance of surviving.
If you want to stay alive, stay invisible.
The truth will come out though, won't it?
In the end.
OK, let's go.
Say your goodbyes.
Come on, move this thing along.
Come on, people.
This isn't a secure area.
Take care of yourselves.
Woody.
Hey, we shouldn't be on our own.
Listen, I know I said some things... ..but you boys mean a lot to me, all right?
Quinn, Quinn, come on.
Guys, come on, we should stay together, yeah?
We're a team now.
We're a team, we're like a band of brothers.
Rick, Rick... all right, you'll be OK.
You'll be OK.
Right, boys...
Chin up.
At least we're still standing, eh?
You'll be all right, Bax.
What makes you say that?
You're smart.
I'm not that fucking smart.
Good luck.
Hey.
What about if just me and him, we stick together?
- It'll be all right, won't it?
- No.
- Listen, nobody has to know.
- It's for your own good.
You'll be all right.
I can't do this Woody.
Yes, you can.
No, I can't!
You're strong, mate.
You're stronger than you think.
No, I'm not.
I'm not, Woods, I'm not strong.
I'm not strong at all.
Woods, let's not do it, yeah?
You and me, we'll stay together, yeah?
Woods...
Woody...
Woody, let me go with you, yeah?
Please, Woody.
Woody, let me come with you, please.
Hey!
You've got to be a man about it.
I've got to look after myself.
I'm not your fucking boyfriend.
Woody...
Woody, I don't want to be on my own!
Woody, please.
Woody!
Woody, mate.
Don't leave me, please.
Woody!
Please, mate, don't leave me here.
Woody...
Woody...
Woody!
WOODY!
I know every disgraced politician, every gem smuggler, every high-stakes gambler and gold digger that come through those doors.
Why you never go away?
You don't even leave Cape Town.
If you love her so much, why don't you marry her?
Yeah, why don't you marry me and take me to England?
Your name isn't Newhouse is it?
How dare you, and how dare you try and blackmail me!
Help!
Previously on Siberia...
A tiger! A fucking tiger!
I couldn't believe it.
It was like something a seven year old would tell me...
"Oh, I saw a tiger in the woods..."
- What are you doing?
- Wondering what would do that to a tiger.
Oh, hell.
It's on fire... and it's green...
- What's on fire?
- The sky.
You know, there's something about Carolina.
I feel like I recognize her.
- Fire in the woods, man. - Got to get some water.
I told you this was a mistake!
That's all we had, man. That's all we had.
Does anyone recognize this?
We found Johnny's shirt.
And it was full of food from the shed.
I get what it looks like. I see that.
But I didn't steal the food, and I didn't burn down the shed.
Someone obviously doesn't like me, and they're trying to set me up.
People weren't taking too kindly me being at camp 'cause apparently I stole food from the shed and then burned it down.
Someone framed me.
They wrapped my shirt around some food, hid it in the woods.
I don't know who did it.
You know, frankly, I don't really care anymore, you know?
I don't really need them anyways.
You know, obviously, I can take care of myself.
Took them how long to build a fire?
I did it in five minutes in the dark.
I can't believe
Johnny's gonna just stay out in the woods.
That's crazy.
And why shouldn't he?
After all the crap that he's pulled?
He'll be fine.
And if he's not, you got a better chance of winning.
And you can keep his bed.
I want to make it to the end, but I want to do it as a team, kind of like how Neeko's doing it, you know?
Can I tell you something?
Sure.
You're a smart guy.
You know that Neeko is a professional athlete?
He plays game for living.
How about maybe he's playing this game that he's a very nice guy, everybody trusts him, just to win the game?
Have you ever thought about it?
I don't think you should trust him.
Can't trust anybody.
Guys?
I get up early, and as soon as I open the door,
I practically ran into this spear that's stuck in the ground.
It felt like a threat.
Let me see.
What does it say?
It says...
What is that?
It means "get out."
It's just another thing to throw on the pile of what the hell's going on here.
It's a nice prop. Look at it.
It's not real. Nice scare tactic.
They're watching. I'm sure they're loving this.
Why is it in front of our cabin and not yours?
Who wants you guys to get out?
Well, this is here on purpose. That's for sure.
It's here on purpose. It's here for a reason.
You guys gonna be so gullible to fall for this, really?
Who else could've left that spear?
Besides Production, who could've done it?
We're the only people out here.
Aren't we?
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
I mean, aren't you still scared?
The spear this morning telling us to leave?
That doesn't scare you at all?
I think, at this point, it's just all mind games.
I miss home. I miss my family.
I even miss my stupid ex-boyfriend.
This place is-- it's getting to me.
I don't know.
I'm thinking about pushing the button.
I don't want you to go.
You know what I mean? I think-- I think we can win this.
We just need to--
But I don't need to stay.
I don't understand why I'm even staying.
I don't need the money that badly.
I do.
Annie.
I've been a lone wolf for a while, you know?
I've been on my own for a while.
I'm probably, without knowing it, less lonely than I have been in a long time because I'm interacting with people more often than I have in many years.
Now I consider Daniel a friend.
He's a good kid.
If I had a son, I'd be proud if he was like Daniel.
What are you looking at?
- Just watching those two. - Mm-hmm.
I don't want to overstep my bounds, you know.
I don't know how she feels about me, and so I'm just kind of--
I'm taking it slow, but at the same time, it's really hard 'cause I really want to, you know, see where this is gonna go.
I don't know.
At the same time, I don't want to get hurt.
Don't worry.
She knows you exist.
How would I really get her to? I don't know, like...
Get her to what?
Like me like me.
You can't get her to like you.
Either she does or she doesn't.
You know?
How beautiful is it?
This is so nice.
_
Why not?
_
I'm sorry.
I'm being naughty.
It's beautiful in, though.
_
You must be hot.
Come on.
_
- No good... _
- No one's here. - It's trouble.
No one's here. I'm not gonna tell anyone.
You want to come.
- Oh, yeah?
_
You'll thank me once you're in here.
It's beautiful.
_
Careful.
_
I'm gonna film us.
_
It's a great idea.
You promise you'll erase it?
_
- Promise me?
- I promise.
Good.
Annie? Wait, Annie.
You shouldn't be walking out here alone.
It's not safe.
_
What are you talking about?
Come on, it's not safe. Stop. Wait.
Don't be like this.
Be like what?
Look, I--
It's not the same thing for me, okay?
I'm not going back to a life or a job that I like or family or friends or even an ex-boyfriend, and I get that you're sad about that.
But you're forgetting about who's here for you right now, and you're turning your back on me.
No, I'm not.
I like her.
It's been a while since I've been with anybody, but I--
We get along so well.
I just feel like a dumbass now.
I mean, she's probably not gonna talk to me for the rest of the time, if she does stay.
- Hey. - Hey.
- There you are. - How's it going?
Good.
I just wanted to talk to you.
Uh-huh?
Um, so, Victoria's gone.
Um, I'm just wondering what's going on with her bed.
Oh, it's-- well, it's free right now.
So no one would mind if I moved in?
Um... yeah, yeah.
I mean, I don't mind.
I don't know what the other girls other think, but it's good with me.
Awesome. All right, I'll go grab my things.
It's not that I didn't have fun with the boys.
I don't know.
I just feel like my time there is done.
It's served its purpose, and I want to--
I want to get to know the girls a bit better.
- Hey. - Hey.
- What are you doing?
- I'm leaving.
You mean the show?
No, you idiot.
I'm gonna move into Victoria's old bed.
Wait. Why?
Why?
Because it's free.
I know, but I thought you liked it here with me.
You said we are great roommates.
Yes, we were, and thank you for letting me stay.
Just, I don't know. I want to be with the girls now.
Come on, Esther.
Don't you think we should team up?
We are both smarter than everyone else here.
We can win this thing-- together.
Ohh, I like your style. I will think about it.
But hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
I was just thinking that we could have something...
You thought what?
That we could get romantic a little bit?
Don't laugh.
Really? I don't do romance.
Look, we're playing a game.
What do you mean?
I'm playing a game-- for money.
I don't do romance, and I'm not playing a dating game.
I'm sorry.
Fuck you, bitch!
Fuck you, bitch!
You're not going anywhere.
Get the fuck off me!
I'm kidding.
I was just kidding, Esther.
I'm just kidding. Esther.
Don't you fucking touch me again.
Come on! I'm just-
- I was just kidding!
I think I was in shock.
I-I don't know.
It happened so quickly.
But he grabbed me here, pushed me up against the bunk, and then he backed off.
Esther is a player. We all know that.
And I played with her, too.
So she was on the way out.
I just pushed her a little bit on the bed, just jokingly, like pretending that I'm like scaring her.
"You're gonna stay here," or something.
She just, like, freaked out.
She pushed me away.
She's like, "don't talk to me like that."
Stormed out, like mad.
And I was just telling her, "I'm joking.
You know me. I always joke around.
I was just joking with you."
I didn't get it, seriously.
She just freaked out, and it was just a pure joke.
What are you showing me?
It was right here.
Are you sure?
Big huge carcass.
Guts hanging out and everything.
Look.
Look at what? The blood?
It could've been anything.
It could've been a bird. It could've been a deer.
Why would I make this up?
Why would I lie?
There was a huge-- there was a huge tiger there.
I guess they took it. The producers took it.
The producers?
I think she thinks that I could've been trying to scare her, play a sick joke on her.
I was kind of a bit shocked because I didn't think she saw me as that kind of person.
For all I know, Johnny took it.
Johnny took it?
He probably dragged it off into there and hid it or something.
I don't know.
Oh, now Johnny does everything?
Not only do we have to worry about the producers playing mind games with us, we got to worry about that guy.
Hopefully he's done us all a favor and gone and pushed the button to get out of here.
I don't think he's as bad as you think.
Why are you always defending him?
Why are you always defending him?
I'm telling you that guy's dangerous.
You need to watch yourself!
I'm kind of baffled where it's gone, you know, 'cause this thing was pretty big, you know.
It would've taken a lot of force or something pretty hefty to get it out of there, and there was no trail.
There was no kind of like a trail of where it could've been dragged to.
It's like it was almost picked up and gone.
Got some traps set up along this way somewhere.
I found some deer trails I scouted earlier.
Hope they catch something.
The first night in the woods by myself was pretty awesome, actually.
Had a nice little fire. Weather was nice.
You know, wrapped up.
It was nice being on my own.
It's what I wanted to do originally, too, is, you know, be by myself, take care of myself, do my own thing, and I got that, so pretty content.
What the hell did this, man?
This thing's...
I mean, it, obviously, it ripped the deer while it was standing here.
It was strong enough to rip it off-- rip the, like, rip its bone in half.
What do you want?
What are you doing?
I'm trying to catch some food, but something got to it before me, it looks like.
What do you want?
I just came to try to convince you to come back.
Try to convince me to come back, to the camp?
Yeah, I don't think it's safe for you to be out here.
I think it's safer here than being back at camp where a bunch of people don't like me thanks to you, making those wild accusations.
Just, whatever happened,
I don't think it's safe for you to stay out here.
Well, you know what?
I really don't need you trying to be nice to me.
I'll be fine on my own, okay?
I can take care of myself.
Y'all try taking care of yourselves, too, all right?
Okay, fine.
If that's how you want to be, then fine.
Fine.
Nah, that's-- that's not good enough.
That ain't good enough.
Hey, Irene.
Hey, Dan.
Whatcha doing?
Collecting some acorns.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
If you mash them up, you can make like a paste and make a pancake out of it.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Is it-- does it taste good?
I think so.
You want me to help?
Oh, sure. That'd be great. Yeah.
They're kind of scattered all over.
Daniel is a really, really nice, really sweet person, and he has such a gentle-- a very gentle spirit,
I guess you can say.
It's a Siberian squill.
I'm not really big on flowers.
Why not?
Well, you know, they're pretty, but it's kind of odd, the whole idea of someone giving someone a flower 'cause it's like, "Oh, you know, I like you, so let me give you something that's dying."
It never really made sense to me.
Something more permanent would be nice, you know, even a rock would be better.
She's got so much complexity to her, you know?
I find out something new about her every day, it seems like, and it's a pretty big thing that I would've never expected out of her.
It's...
She's just-- she's amazing.
Where are we?
I can't find the path.
We're lost.
- We're not lost. - No, we're lost.
I don't know where we're going.
In the middle of the wood, very close to the river,
I found this really weird-looking tree.
I mean, it wasn't a tree. It was something different.
It had a face shape.
It had hair.
What?
My name is Miljan.
It's really nice to meet you.
What is your name?
Ogdee?
This is my friend Ogdee.
We go way back, man.
He's so bad.
I spoke to it. We had a little conversation.
Ogdee is my old friend from high school.
I'm kidding.
- Esther. Esther. - What?
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
Hey. Where have you been?
Out.
Out?
Where do you go all day, anyway?
Okay.
I can't believe you got us so lost.
We're not lost.
Yes, we are. Where are we?
Do you know where we are?
We're in Siberia.
Not funny.
Oh, God! What is that?
Did you hear that?
I heard it. Come on.
There might be something out here. Come on.
Oh! Oh, God!
What are you doing out here?
Sorry. I'm going to get water. Where are you going?
Home-- where the hell is it?
That way.
Why is she being such a bitch?
Why are you here, by the way, alone?
No reason.
That's suspicious.
Shut up, Miljan.
Guys, have you seen Carolina?
No. She hasn't come back.
You mean she's not back yet?
She's not back. I have no idea where she is.
I haven't seen her.
You do know she's out there with Johnny?
Yeah, tell me about it. I know.
Well, I don't know about you, but I feel like I should go and look for her.
I don't-- I don't feel comfortable with her with Johnny.
Before it gets too late, I think we should.
I'm game, yeah.
- You're gonna come with me?
- Yeah.
Gentlemen.
Where the hell were you?
I was in the woods.
Have you seen Carolina?
She's out there with Johnny.
Oh, she'll be fine, guys.
- Come on. - Are you serious?
Yes. They're probably having sex or something.
Oh, you're a funny guy.
Don't be naive. You didn't notice the chemistry they had?
Hey, guys, listen. I'm gonna look for her.
I don't know about you.
Just sitting here talking.
Hey, it's dark outside.
Oh, fuck!
Get on the bed. Get onto the bed!
The bed?
Oh, my God.
What is this?
The cab started shaking...
Ran outside, and the sky this just this odd color that I've never seen in my life, and I'm thinking it can't be the show doing this because that's way out of their powers and their control.
What is it?
It's like-- it's like the sky's on fire.
What?
It's like the sky's on fire.
The sky went from dark to light, and it looked like it was on fire, just like Victoria said.
If this is all part of the game, it's beyond me at this point.
I don't understand how they could pull it off.
I feel like I'm on another planet.
I feel like I walked into some kind of a dream or a nightmare, and nobody-- nobody has any answers.
I don't have an answer.
I could sit here all day long and just-- it's way above my pay scale.
- Is it moving?
- It just keeps moving.
Carolina never came back today, did she?
Yeah.
Where-- where are they?
She's still in the woods-- the forest.
Well, this can't stop us. We still have to find her.
We can't leave her out there.
We better go now.
We're just gonna go look for her-- me and Sam, Daniel, Miljan as well.
Oh, my God. Carolina?
Carolina. Are you okay?
What happened?
Oh, my God. Carolina!
- What happened?
Are you okay?
- Are you okay?
Then we see Carolina stumbling towards the girls' cabin, and the girls go rushing over to her.
Are you hurt somewhere?
- What happened?
- Look at all the blood.
What happened?
She's bleeding.
Guys, don't, don't-- don't go to her.
Oh, my God, look at her arm. Look at her arm.
What happened to you?
You're okay.
Carolina, what happened?
Carolina shows up, and she's battered and disoriented.
She couldn't even speak. She's trembling.
I don't...
She doesn't remember.
You don't remember?
What do you remember?
She didn't know what was going on.
She was saying she couldn't even, like, remember what she'd been doing out there.
She was just talking nonsense, and it was really jolting to see her come back like that.
_
You were with John?
- And what happened?
- Where is he?
What were you doing with Johnny?
Get her some water. Get her some help.
Carolina, were you with Johnny?
She said she was. What were you doing with Johnny?
_
_
She said the name "Johnny."
At that point, I just, you know, lost it.
Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me.
For what?
Here, just come here. Come here.
I want to say something to you.
- What?
- Listen to me!
It's important. You got to make sure.
You look at his hands.
Okay.
His hands are a tell-tale sign, okay?
His hands will tell you if he did something.
What are you doing?
Where are you going?
Stay here with the girls. Stay here with the girls!
I'm not wasting any more time with this guy.
Everyone wants to keep him around, thinking,
"Oh, yeah, he'll turn around and be a good guy."
No, I don't think so.
I'm not gonna lay around waiting for him to come stab me in the back.
- She's been through a lot. - Yeah.
We're gonna look after you, okay?
Don't worry.
We don't know where Johnny is.
Carolina sort of-- she couldn't say much, but she said that she was-- they were fighting-- her and Johnny were fighting.
And then, now she looks like this, so Johnny should be probably fearing for his life right now because Sam and Neeko went after him.
Let's just keep moving.
Move. Move.
_
The whole walking through the woods and hearing noises coming from places that, you know--
We stop and we look, and there's nothing there.
It's just this whole atmosphere that everything just feels like you're being watched, you know.
Whether, you know, whether you're in the woods or in the cabin, you always feel like something is watching you, and the past two nights,
I haven't slept very well, you know.
So I'm just-- you know, you're always looking over your shoulder.
You always think something's there, and, like, the whole thing with the sky now...
I don't know.
Well, he's obviously around here somewhere.
Yes.
You keep saying "he," "he."
Look how thick the brush is here.
If there's somebody around here, we'd see them.
We hear other things.
All of a sudden, something goes flying.
I think we should be talking more in the sense of "what."
I'll go see if the water's boiled.
Thank you.
I don't want to die.
I didn't ever expect that that would be a possibility on this show, and every day that I'm here,
I feel like I'm an idiot for staying, that I am gonna end up like Tommy.
I don't deal well with-- Abuse is not something that...
I can handle right now.
I'm scared.
And Johnny was already on the outs with the group for stealing food.
I just-- How could he do that to her?
It didn't make sense.
She's such a nice lady.
Johnny.
Hey. What did you do?
- Huh?
- What did you do to Carolina?
I don't know what you're talking about.
What do you mean you don't know what I'm talking about?
- What'd you do to her?
- I didn't--
She's all cut up and shit.
I don't-
- I don't know. I...
What's wrong with you?
I don't know. I just- - I kind of came to.
I was walking around, and...
I don't know. I was-
- I saw her.
You saw her where?
You got to tell me what happened.
We were in the woods, and...
I don't really-- I don't really remember.
I get approached by Daniel, and basically started accusing me of hurting Carolina.
I didn't know what to say.
What did you to do her? !
The last thing she remembers is getting in a fight with you, so you can't come back here and tell me that you didn't touch her!
I don't.
Then what happened to her?
I don't know.
That's not a very good answer right now, man.
I don't-- trust me.
Hey. You hear that?
At the camp.
Let's go.
I don't know.
Are you serious?
You don't know?
You're such a scumbag.
Oh, what?
So she just fell down and ended up that way?
Are you kidding me?
I was in a complete haze. I had no recollection.
I was like blacked out, like I drank too much.
He doesn't look like he knows what's going on.
I don't.
- Then what happened to her?
- I don't know.
I don't know.
You were together, weren't you?
- You said that. - Shit!
Neeko! Neeko!
Guys, he doesn't know!
- Motherfucker! - Come on! Stop it!
- Stop! Stop it! - Come on!
Stop it! Neeko, stop it! He didn't do it!
Carolina starts screaming, "It's not him.
He didn't do it."
Stop it!
What do you mean?
You said you don't remember.
You said you don't remember.
You're a dead man. You're a fucking dead man.
Listen. Listen. Hey, hey.
Calm down. Listen.
- What happened?
- I don't know.
Talk to me.
I don't know.
Johnny doesn't know anything?
He doesn't remember anything.
It was just her and him in the forest.
I know that. I know that.
I saw it in his eyes, okay?
All I remember is I talked to her.
We were arguing.
And then I-I came here, and I started getting accused, and I don't even know what the fuck is going on.
If we caught him in the woods, he would've been dead.
When I saw that look in his eyes,
I just felt that I needed to take a step back.
Remember the way she came into camp?
He's got the same look on his face.
Does she remember anything?
Show us your hands.
Oh, yeah. I've seen that before.
What's that from?
Nothing's making sense here.
And just to be angry and become a bunch of animals--
We can't go killing each other.
We're still human beings.
I don't like things that I can't explain and that I don't have at least some sort of control over.
The sky changing color and looking like fire-- the producers, the show can't do that.
We're talking supernatural stuff now.
Regardless of everything else, that's real, and that scared the hell out of me.
It seems like everybody at camp was convinced that I was the person that hurt her.
I've never hit a woman in my life.
I don't know why I would.
I don't remember anything, but...
I can't say that I didn't 'cause I don't--
I don't know what happened.
But I know in my heart I wouldn't do that.
I don't remember anything.
All I remember is that I was... with--
Went to get Johnny.
He was in the woods. I found him, and I...
It's all one big blur, like one big blackout.
I have all these marks on my body, and my shirt is broken, and I don't remember.
I don't understand.
So you're telling me this is real.
Yes.
It looks like it's native, handmade.
It looks like it's just a prop to me.
Well, if it's a prop, it's really well-made 'cause you see the barbs.
They're curved. That's exactly how it should look.
This is ox.
It's real ox.
And it's balanced for throwing.
It just looks perfect.
It's your choice to believe in it or not, but this is real, so...
I don't have to deal with lies in figuring out what is true, what is not.
I have to know the environment I'm in.
I have to know what's out there in order to protect myself and survive.
Look at this.
So, I found this symbol that is really strange.
It has four lines and little triangles on the ends.
Then I found another one and another one, and I realized it's a path.
I should follow them.
At the end, it was very close to the settlement.
I found the last one.
And I found this box. It was a metal box.
I opened it, and it was a book.
I didn't understand anything because it was in a different language.
I would assume it's Russian because it's cyrillic letters.
In the middle of me looking at it, somebody was watching at me.
It was a person. He's staring at me.
And he just disappeared in a second.
So there are people out there.
Hey.
I was just gonna try and make things better, and, like, apologize, and just wanted to let her know that I didn't, you know,
I didn't want to screw anything up or make anything awkward for her.
I guess I was in a weird mood, and I just want to apologize because I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable or anything, because I'm really glad you're--
When I realized what Annie's real feelings were for me,
I just thought...
"I'm sort of open to love in any form right now."
So I kissed her.
Which I kind of surprised myself at, to be honest.
Don't worry about it.
Hey.
Hey.
Can I have a seat?
How are you feeling?
I'm okay. You?
I wanted to go check on her to see how she was doing 'cause I knew she had scratches and stuff on her, and she was sure freaked out like I was.
Do you remember anything from last night?
No. I don't remember a thing.
I don't remember anything either.
But I know you didn't hurt me.
I would never hurt you.
 people in life, they will come and go 
 like the boats sailing by my door 
 you can be the ocean, you can be the shore 
 this mystery wind, she will always blow 
 don't worry, don't worry, dear, no more 
 and now your message in a bottle 
 is being tumbled in the beach flies 
 you can be the lilies in the fields 
 I'll be the fool 
 but don't worry, don't worry, dear, no more 
 trouble in life, it will come and go 
Can I ask you something, though?
Why'd you set me up?
With the shed and the food?
She couldn't even look me in the eye.
And I was like, "Well..."
I was like, "It tells me all I need to know,"
so I was like-- got the hell out of there.
Johnny.
Johnny.
Stop, please. Johnny, wait for me.
- Give me a break. Oh, my God. - Hey.
I know that. I know that.
- Johnny. - I know that.
You're an actress.
She said, like, this slogan.
Like, "I know that. I know that from somewhere."
And then it just-- the light bulb went off.
Yeah, that's like your slogan.
She's that actress from that show that--
I'm like, "That's how I know you."
I didn't want to do that.
I didn't want-
- I asked them.
You didn't want to do what?
I didn't want to burn it down. I didn't want to set you up.
They told me to.
Who's they?
The producers.
So you're-- you're helping the show?
Subtitles by DramaFever
You're...
A...
Bitch.
- Did you... just swear? - That's right.
Relay it just like that.
Relay this message to the ghost that you see.
You must blame her a lot for leaving you behind all alone.
So, you liked her that much?
Enough to swear at her?
If I happen to see her again, I'll relay it to her.
I'll tell her that you still like her a lot.
Don't twist things around in your head. It's an insult just like how it sounds.
- 'You're a bitch.'
- I know.
She's a bad person.
A very bad person. That's what they all say when they miss someone very much.
No, that's not right.
If you're going to relay it to her like that... then just get lost, Ms.Tae.
But, it still makes me so happy to know that you believe me.
No, I don't believe you.
So, don't be happy.
I've been so lonely and scared all this time.
Meeting you was like a ray of sunshine.
You have no idea how reassuring it is to know that I have a place to escape to whenever I get scared.
That's not right either.
You're telling me that I'm your place of escape?
Go ahead and try knocking on my door. I will never open my door to you.
Please open it.
- No, I won't open.
Never.
- You're the only form of escape that I have. I'm just so scared.
Please open up for me.
Episode 3.
It's a designer brand.
What is this doing here?
Is there only one shoe?
I wonder if the lost and found department is still open.
Give it back.
Give it back.
- That was...
- I heard it, too.
Are you okay?
- Yes.
- What happened?
I tripped on something up there.
What's going on here?
Hi, Kang Woo. She said she fell down the stairs.
Can you try moving your foot?
It hurts a little.
I didn't see anything up there that you could've tripped on.
I'm positive that there was something up there.
The floor is slippery.
The floor is still waxy.
The cleaning team needs to re-clean the floors.
- Right now?
- Right now. Team Leader Kang Woo can take Deputy Ahn to the hospital.
Yes, I understand.
I guess we won't be able to go home together tonight.
I have to clean up around here, too. Please take her to the hospital safely.
Then, I'll see you at home.
Yes, I'll see you at home.
- Kang Woo and I live...
- Forget it. I'm not curious to know.
Deputy Ahn said that she has some files that she needs to get to the Vice President.
I think I need to go get them from her.
Go ahead. I can get myself home.
- Will you be alright?
- Of course.
That startled me.
What is this?
Have I never driven this car before?
Here I thought I was going to go home like the rest of the normal people.
It's a shoe.
It's so pretty.
I want to go on dates with men wearing shoes like these.
I wonder if the other shoe is around.
Sear...ch.
Home.
Okay, I got it.
I figured it out.
I figured it out. You did good.
You did good.
President Joo!
Please open the door!
- Please open the door!
- I'm not opening it.
- Get lost.
- President Joo!
What is it?
What is it that you're getting so worked up about?
Master.
This is huge!
Thank you.
What did you do with your other shoe?
And what's with the shoe in your hand?
The owner of this shoe is chasing after me.
The owner of this shoe... must be dead.
It seems that she died instantly at the moment of impact.
You think it was drunk driving?
She must've been pretty out of her mind... to drive with only one shoe on?
- Please pull your skirt down.
- Excuse me?
What are you doing?
Mind your own business and go away.
Please stop what you're doing. If you continue, I will have you arrested.
I know you.
How could you have manhandled me like that?
Anyone would agree that your behavior looked very suspicious.
This is my car.
I need to buy something, but my manager isn't around right now.
When I looked down from my hospital room.
I noticed that the sunroof was left open so I came down here to get some money.
That round container in there...
I have my money in there.
My money! That's what I was trying to get.
- That's what you need?
- Yeah.
- There's only 1,000 won in here. - Huh?
Really?
What is it that you need?
Two bottles of soju, one dried squid, and one dried cuttlefish.
Did I get it right?
You even had the squid grilled?
How very sensible of you.
If you can handle drinking two bottles of soju by yourself... why are you staying at the hospital?
Fine, I'm faking it.
I'm doing it because I was stuck in a jam, and I had no other choice.
Why? - Are you going to tell the reporters?
- No.
I understand that you were stuck in a jam.
Are you pitying me right now?
If you're pitying me because I was left at the altar, then don't do it.
Aren't you doing all this so that you could gain people's pity?
Just tell me what your number is. I'll send you the money for this.
No, forget it.
I hope that the soju will be a better remedy for you than your hospital stay.
Did he just refuse my offer to exchange numbers?
How nonsensical.
- Are you Choi Yoon Hee's husband?
- Yes.
Is that my wife?
I'm sorry, but she didn't make it.
Yoon Hee!
Are you sure that the woman who died is in there right now?
Yes. Should we go?
You.
Are you really going to go in there like that?
I don't have my other shoe.
It's actually rather cushy and comfortable because there are still some tissues left in there.
I'm not talking about your sense of action, but I'm talking about how you look.
Aren't you even embarrassed?
No, it's okay.
There was a time when I got so scared at the bathhouse that I just ran out of there and had to go home wearing a cardboard box.
So, something like this doesn't embarrass me at all.
Let's go.
You.
If the owner of that shoe isn't in there you're going to admit yourself in this hospital with that tissue box on your foot.
I really don't like coming here unless I absolutely have to.
Where are you saying the owner of that shoe is?
There.
Now that you've seen with your own eyes, do you believe me?
Imagine how scared I am all the time? I'm telling you that ghosts really do exist. Doesn't that scare you?
No, I'm not scared.
What does it matter when I don't see them myself?
I don't use my imagination on useless stuff.
I'm telling you!
She chased after me like this!
- Don't do that.
- Don't do what?
- She appeared out of nowhere like this!
- Don't do that.
Okay, fine. I bet it's scary for you.
But when I hold onto you like this... I don't see them anymore.
Can you now understand why I'm always hanging onto you?
Joong Won doesn't let just anyone get close to him.
He's calculating the feasibility and the fit of the type of women that he wants to be with and he won't relegate himself to spend his time with anyone he doesn't deem worthy.
And just like anything else he does with his life and business... he's rather picky.
So, what you're telling me is... that you don't think that he's distancing himself away from women because of Hee Joo?
In other words, it means that he has yet to meet a woman who'll be beneficial to his business?
Since he has a calculator for a brain, I'm sure he'll make the right choice.
But there are those rare people who just can't be figured out with normal calculations.
It's not because of your money... or your good looks.
It's because I can see ghosts.
I'm not a candy girl who's out to seduce you.
Are you a Christian?
Sixth sense, or intuition. Are you telling me you have that?
Yes, it's unexpected, isn't it?
I thought you were some gold digger, but it's just your intuition?
If the reason why you stick yourself to me is because of those ghosts...
I mean, those beings... then what's the reason for those being hanging onto you like that?
They come to ask me to do things for them.
They're not like living people... who can formally explains their situations and asks you for your help.
They always show up out of nowhere to tell me what they want me to know and they keep coming around me until I do what they want me to do and torment me to the point where I can't even get any sleep.
What is it that the owner of that shoe wants from you?
She wants me to give this shoe to her husband.
She told me to tell him that she'll be watching over him.
That man probably is the shoe owner's husband, right?
I know that guy.
He's one of the shop owners at Kingdom.
Really?
Then she must've lost her shoe when she came to see her husband.
This must be very special to him.
She's dead. I'm telling you, she's dead.
This truly is a miracle.
She took it upon herself and died.
The way her husband was smiling was even scarier than the ghost herself.
When I got so scared earlier and ran away... I forgot to take one of my shoes in my haste to run away from the ghost.
That's what it must've been like for her.
What do you think it was that she saw... when she left her shoe and ran away?
I don't use my imagination on useless things.
I have a feeling that she saw something that made her very angry and upset.
She's dead. I'm telling you, she's dead.
This truly is a miracle.
She took it upon herself and died.
If I told him that his dead wife was watching over him... then I bet he wouldn't be laughing like that, right?
Let's go.
Okay, good luck with that.
Go find out what injustice he did to her, and get revenge for her, too.
Where are you going?
You have to come with me.
- Why would I?
- I can't go back there without you.
I'm scared of her. I don't know what other ghosts may come up to me.
- I need you. - Ah.
I'm your special shield, isn't that right?
You said that you can't see them when you're touching me, right?
You said you want to run to me and cling onto me when you're scared.
But by any chance... do they ever give you any useful information?
Like what the stock market is going to be like in the morning or where I can dig to find all the oil... or where are all the countless numbers of lost treasure chests buried at?
And if nothing else, do they tell you what the next lottery winning numbers will be?
Then, I don't need you.
Your intuition that only sees and hears useless things holds no value to me. Zero.
But, let me give you one piece of advice based on what I've seen and heard here.
Because you go around doing what you do, in other people's eyes... You're just a crazy woman walking around with that tissue box on your foot. Someone who doesn't even know how to be embarrassed.
Get your head on straight... and just worry about yourself.
President Joo... you know that I'm not crazy.
- You saw it for yourself and believe me.
- No. I'm only going to see what I want to see, and believe only in what I want to believe in.
I'm just going to see you as a crazy woman, and I'm not going to believe anything you say.
Seriously!
Do you know what's going to happen with the stocks tomorrow?
Can you even tell me what the winning lottery numbers are?
You can't even tell me anything.
Why don't you let me know some of these things before you ask me for my help?
2,000 won?
Again?
What's this?
I did have the shoes.
It is sturdy.
Nice and cushy, too. They don't seem bad to wear.
What is this?
It fell apart.
It fell apart!
What do I do? All the tissues are falling out.
Tae Gong Shil.
Kang Woo.
What are you doing here?
I'm on my way home after dropping Deputy Ahn off at the hospital.
I was at the hospital, too.
Is she... okay?
Yes.
- What's that?
I lost my shoe.
I look like a crazy person walking around like this, don't I?
Wearing a tissue box to protect your foot is a proof that you're a quick thinker.
Right?
I wore it because I had to. I'm not wearing it because I'm crazy.
But it's falling apart, and I don't know what to do. What do I do?
I think that tissue box is dead now after having completed its mission.
I think we need to call in some reinforcements.
I see a taxi heading this way. Why don't we share it?
My defense line is wounded, but I found myself some new reinforcements.
No, nothing.
You're diverting from your path.
I know.
Be quiet.
I shouldn't have seen those.
But... did she sprint home with the tissue box on her foot?
Where did she go?
You're diverting from your path.
I got it. I'm just going to go on my own.
Turn right.
What is this?
Right turn again?
Then it wasn't the right place earlier?
Your wife was driving with only one shoe on her foot. I thought she was drunk driving, but she wasn't.
- Is there a problem?
- No. I just thought that it was weird that she was driving while wearing only one shoe.
Kim.
Is he saying that something bad happened to my daughter which caused the accident?
Please calm down, Mother-in-law.
I'm sure she must've lost her other shoe somewhere.
I'll look for it.
Did you look for the shoe?
You didn't find it?
Okay.
Thanks for bringing me back home.
If you're thankful, would it be okay for me to ask you something?
What is it?
The special person at Kingdom Enterprises that you spoke of the last time... is it President Joo Joong Won?
Yes.
Is he also the reason why you started working at Kingdom?
Well... yes.
I saw that he came all the way here to visit you the other day.
Do you two have a special relationship?
I wanted to know if it's okay for us to be coming home together like this.
We wouldn't be able to do that if you're his special woman.
I'm not that kind of a special woman.
To President Joo...
I'm just... a crazy woman.
Then, let's continue to go home together like this.
Thanks for everything today.
Who is that man?
He's the Team Leader of the security team at Kingdom Enterprises?
- And he lives in Room 404?
- Yeah.
Does that man... know about your mental state?
If he knew, I doubt he'd suggest going home together after work.
Gong Shil.
The reason you're like this... may be because you lack energy.
Why don't you get closer to that guy and charge up some of your energy?
My energy?
You see it all the time in period dramas.
When a righteous woman sleeps with a man she is said to have dirtied her energy, and kicked out of her household.
The fact that you see those things... could be a sign of weak energy.
Who knows? Maybe if you receive some of a man's energy, things might get better?
Maybe you're right?
I wonder if that man is special to me because he has really strong energy?
That man? Who would that be?
- There's just someone.
- Whoever it is, just let him give it to you.
Suck him of his energy, okay?
How am I to do that when he won't even let me touch him?
Let's suck on 404's energy for now.
Hurry up and go to sleep.
You have to get to work in the morning so that you can come home with him tomorrow.
I can't go to sleep. What if I fall too deep in sleep and have it taken from me like the last time?
Is... something in here right now?
Our summer revenue figures are doing great.
Kingdom is really climbing up.
Giant Mall will be opening soon. We need to come up with a plan of attack to make sure that they don't defeat us.
This store has the third highest revenue volume in this place.
Hello.
The revenue in this shop isn't all that great.
Let's just keep going.
This store has the highest revenue volume.
- President Joo.
- Hello, thank you for all your hard work.
If there's anything that you ever need, please don't hesitate to ask me.
- Yes.
- But please keep up your great work. Thank you so much.
That poster was made when we thought Yi Ryung was going to marry the soccer player.
Do you think it's still okay to be hanging that up now that the wedding is off?
Look at how fierce it looks.
That poster is going to be a great piece of advertisement.
I don't think that Tae Yi Ryung is going to like this.
We've already paid her for the modeling fee.
Even if she doesn't like it... what can she do about it?
I like it.
She said this was the place.
The owner of this shop's wife died in an accident a few days ago.
Yes, I know.
This shop is our fourth highest revenue grossing store.
I think that Giant Mall has approached him about opening up a store at their mall but I doubt he'll make his move over there since he signed a contract with me.
I've seen something that makes it difficult for me to trust him.
Look into him some more.
Look into it.
That shop owner's wife... did you hear that she died last week?
I heard that he was so devoted to his wife.
That's too bad.
I've seen that couple, too.
I saw that couple here on a date... and they were planning on taking a hiking trip somewhere on their day off.
The husband seemed so kind.
The wife is extremely rich. She even opened up that shop for him, so of course he should be nice to her.
I heard that his mother-in-law is even richer.
I heard that she owns a few buildings in Gangnam. Then let's think about this.
Her one and only daughter is dead... and the only person she has left is her son-in-law. Then all her money will go to...
He's hit the jackpot.
- Awesome. - He's hit the mother load.
Anyways, he's a nice man who was really good to his wife.
So, I guess he deserves the money.
- Gong Shil.
- Gong Ri... If I'm the only person who says he's bad when everyone else thinks he's a good person... then no one would believe me, right?
Did you... did you see something again?
No.
Gong Shil.
Let's stay here for a while and try to make a life here.
You have to do well so that you can continue to go home with that man.
And you can receive his energy, too.
Okay.
I'm sorry, Gong Ri. I'm going to get going.
Bye.
I always feel like there's something lurking whenever Gong Shil stops by.
Is... someone there?
Go away.
- Go, go away.
- By any chance... is that woman your little sister?
Yes, she is.
Why do you ask?
It's just that I... want to become friends with her.
Let me help you clean this up.
Doesn't he have any sympathy?
How could he have hung these up when she had to be admitted in the hospital?
Let's go protest this right now.
- This is it?
- What in the world is this?
It's not bad.
Rather than getting pitied while dressed in hospital gowns... being seen dressed like this while kicking that ball seems to suit me better.
Are you really... okay with this?
I like it.
Since we're already here... should we find out who the woman that ruined my wedding was?
Tae Gong Shil?
Why?
Is she someone you know?
No, it can't be her.
Um...
Yes?
- Are you doing okay?
- Yes. I can't take a day off of work over a small injury like this.
Um...
You said you tripped on something when you fell down the stairs the other night?
By any chance... did you see this shoe when you fell the other night?
That's the same shoe that I picked up in the hallway that night.
Where did you picked it up from?
My Yoon Hee!
So... did you come from that way?
No?
That way?
So, you fell down like this when the shoe came off?
She... told me that the shoe was found right here.
This is very close to her husband's shop.
That's where the shoe was?
Then that's just garbage.
And you're the cleaning crew. Throwing trash away in the trash can is part of your job.
You know that this isn't trash.
You know exactly what I'm trying to do here.
No, I don't know.
In my eyes... you're an employee at the risk of getting fired for your strange behaviors.
And for being lazy enough to sprawl yourself on the ground like this.
Those shoes.
Don't they look like the same pair of shoes as this one to you?
Right?
So what?
Even if I keep denying it and say that I don't want to know...
I can't just ignore it when I see it.
That's just how I am.
Again... again... again!
I just saw something that I shouldn't have seen.
Honey, do you have to go hiking with your wife again on your next day off?
I have to keep going with her so that no one will suspect me when she has an accident.
Does your wife like to go hiking?
Yeah, she likes it.
Since she has no idea that she's looking around for her death spot.
Honey!
Yoon Hee!
Yoon Hee.
Hear me out.
Honey.
So, you're wearing those shoes out in the open now?
Your wife is dead.
I haven't been able to wear them... because I was afraid of getting caught wearing the same shoes.
But there's no risk of that happening now. Be careful.
Once that old lady is dead... who do you think is going to get all this?
She still looks perfectly healthy.
Who knows when she'll die? She's not doing so well since the death of her daughter.
It'll be soon enough.
We've got the luck on our side.
Giant Mall is eyeing all our high revenue grossing stores for their own.
We have to protect our stores.
You went around and met with everyone today.
My mouth feels like it's about to rip from all the smiling that I had to do.
But it was important for you to go see them since they produce all that revenue for us.
I don't know if my mouth feels like it's going to rip from all the useless things I've seen.
The woman that Tae Gong Shil went after earlier is the employee at the Dahlia shop.
I heard that the owner of that shop recently lost his wife and has sunken into despair.
It worries me that Ms.Tae may do something wrong.
Mother-in-law. What are you doing here?
You should be at home resting. Yoon Hee's no longer around to take care of you now.
So, I brought you some food for you to eat.
Mother. It's only the two of us now. We need to lean on each other.
Would you like to go hiking around the mountains just like how Yoon Hee and I used to go to together?
- That's...
- She wants me to give you this shoe. This belonged to your late wife.
This belonged... to my Yoon Hee?
She came here right before she got into that accident. She came here to see her husband... and she ended up seeing the awful things that her husband was doing.
She was so shocked and flustered that she lost her shoe along the way.
Ji Sung... What is she talking about?
You're saying that my wife came here?
No, she didn't. And that shoe didn't belong to my wife.
Don't lie.
I have no idea what she's talking about.
Mother-in-law... I already found Yoon Hee's shoe.
What?
The police brought it to me and told me that they found it at the scene of the accident.
This is my wife's shoe.
No, it's not. That shoe belongs to another woman.
And that woman is in here right now.
Who are you?
What is it that you're after?
Why are you doing this to us? She told me that she would be watching over you.
She told me that she has to protect you. He's a bad man.
Look here. Why are you doing this to us?
It hasn't even been a week... since my wife died.
I wish I could follow her in her death.
I can't even follow her in her death because I have to go on living. So, why in the world are you doing this to us?
Could you still say the same thing if your wife was here watching over you right now?
If my wife was watching, then she'd know.
Just how much I loved her... and how I'm suffering without her right now.
She'd know all that.
That's a lie. - Those tears are a lie!
- Lady, what are you doing!
- Have you lost your mind?
- I saw everything! I saw you laughing at the hospital!
- And I can see that you're lying!
- You need to get out of here!
- Aren't you even sorry?
- Please leave! Ma'am! That man is a bad person!
- Your daughter wants to protect you!
- Get out of here!
Team Leader. The woman causing trouble at Dahlia shop is a member of the cleanup crew by the name of Tae Gong Shil.
Tae Gong Shil?
- That man is lying! He's a bad person! - What are you doing?
- You need to get out of here!
- Ma'am! Wait, that woman...
- He's a bad man!
- Please stop this!
- Let go of me! - It really was Tae Gong Shil.
The 'Big Sun' who everyone said was prettier and smarter than you?
I heard that she's gotten really weird, and I guess the rumor was true.
She's completely ruined.
- That grandmother is in danger! - This woman is crazy!
Excuse me. You're a security guard, right? Get this woman out of here.
Is she crazy?
Did you see what she did in there earlier?
Let's go, Mother.
Tae Gong Shil.
Why are you sitting down there like some crazy person?
Get up.
I said, get up.
Did you find the owner of that shoe?
Yes.
Over there. I did find her.
But he's lying and telling everyone that the shoe doesn't belong to his wife.
it's not a lie.
This is my late wife's shoe.
That woman is talking some absurd and crazy gibberish!
Then we'll just see if this woman is crazy, or if you're the one lying.
This is the shoe that your wife was wearing when she died.
I picked it out of the trash after you threw it away at the hospital.
- The size of the shoes doesn't match.
- Oh my goodness, you're right.
Your shoe... doesn't match.
These... are a perfect match.
You're telling me that these are Yoon Hee's shoes?
Then... what was the shoe that you had?
- Bring that woman out here.
Oh my goodness, look at her shoe!
The shoe that you lied about to keep the truth hidden... is right over there.
You... deceived... both Yoon Hee and I?
Are you okay?
She said she's going to continue to watch over you and see you again in your death.
Just like you did to her.
Do you think that my Yoon Hee... is watching right now?
Yes.
The president of this place is pretty decent. To stick himself out there to take his employee's side like that.
That's how normally President Joo Joong Won behaves.
I'm Tae Yi Ryung! Let go of me.
Let go of me.
I'm Tae Yi Ryung.
I was trying to defend myself because you grabbed me so suddenly. You did the same thing the last time. I guess you're always on guard.
Is this where you work?
Kang Woo?
Your name's Kang Woo?
Yes, that's correct.
I'm glad I ran into you.
- With what happened the other day... - I'm working so I have to get going.
- Someone you know?
- Did he just diss me?
- What happened?
- Master came and took care of everything.
- The president himself?
I'm positive that Ms.Tae is the master's secret girlfriend.
- I'm sure of what I saw.
- I guess you're right. But you don't think I grabbed her too hard earlier, do you?
I don't want to upset her.
You told me that you weren't going to believe anything and just going to ignore me. But I'm really grateful for the help you gave me.
There's no need for you to thank me. All I did was get my own revenge.
It wasn't just his own wife... but that man betrayed my Kingdom as well.
He went against his contract and signed a contract with Giant as well. The bastard.
All I did was get my revenge on him for his betrayal.
Was that why you watched over him at the hospital? Because of your own suspicions?
All I did was see something I shouldn't have because I went down the wrong path.
What is this?
I'm back at the hospital.
Let's just go home now, okay?
I went and retrieved it because I went down the wrong path and saw what he did.
Sometimes people find the most unexpected things along their path.
There are times when they find themselves in an unexpected place during their travels.
They think of it as unexpected luck, or even perhaps a sign of misfortune.
But they're not... all just coincidences.
You're telling me that it wasn't a coincidence that I got lost?
It was a right turn.
- Right turn.
- What is this? Another right turn?
Then that place earlier wasn't it?
Stop right there. Don't tell me any more useless things.
President Joo.
I've been giving it some thought.
And I think I've figured out a way to make myself very special to you.
You say you're going to make yourself special to me?
Why?
Are you going to tell me the winning lottery numbers?
Cha Hee Joo.
She's a very special person to you, isn't she?
I... can see Cha Hee Joo.
That's right.
You told me that Hee Joo is around me?
So, if you continue to stay around me... then I guess you may get to see her again?
Yes.
If I can see Cha Hee Joo again... then I'll become special to you, right?
If I see her again... I'll make sure to tell her.
Thank you.
See...
Hee Joo again?
Is there... anything that you realized after this incident?
What about me?
Even if the first thing you noticed about me was my money... it doesn't really matter to me.
Honey. All you need to do is make sure that you always keep your eyes on me.
Even though beauty fades over time, and perky breasts will come to sag... but my money will never dry up.
So... just remain loyal and faithful as you were to me in the beginning and don't look at anyone else.
That's enough to satisfy me.
I'll never... change the love I have for you.
I see only you.
Okay.
If I see that you're turning away from me even in the least...
I won't show you any mercy. I will just get rid of you.
That will never happen.
Never.
Hello.
Here, why don't you drink this?
Our security team is going out to dinner tonight.
Why don't you come join us?
Dinner out?
Where you toast your drinks, and go sing at the karaoke bars?
Yes, of course.
I do want to go, but I...
If it's the security team, will Team Leader Kang Woo be there as well?
Yes. Gong Shil, let's go.
Let's go and receive some of that energy.
Gong Ri, you know I can't drink.
There's going to trouble if I lose grip on my mentality. You can skip the drinking, and just have snacks.
Sure. Then you're coming, okay?
I don't mean anything else by it, but I just want us to be friends.
I'm serious. Come on, let's go.
Let's go.
Cheers!
The atmosphere seems so much livelier with you here. What do you think of me, Gong Shil?
What do you think of my style?
Are you trying to flirt with her?
Settings like this depends heavily on the compatibility between the men and women here.
How about I take this opportunity to make you a frequent fliers card? If you come to three outings, you get a free meal.
If you come five times, you get a free night of drinking on us.
And if you come ten times... blind date?
Since Ms.Tae Gong Shil can't drink, how about a soda for you instead?
Here, why don't you have a soda?
Non-alcoholic.
- Everyone grab a drink, and cheers!
Hey, Gong Shil. You look tired.
Why don't you go relax over there?
Come on, get up.
Can you scoot over a little?
Here, lean back and relax.
I wonder if I'm just tired.
Why does my head hurt so badly?
Are you okay?
Yes.
I'm having a great time.
It's been a really long time since I've been out with other people like this.
Are you not feeling well?
- Could it be that you're drunk?
- I didn't have anything to drink. I'm too scared to drink. Because I become a whole different person when I get drunk.
Most other people gets that way when they're drunk.
But I really do... become a whole different person.
Cha Hee Joo.
What you said about you liking me because I come from a rich family... did you mean it?
Are you... hesitating right now?
That's pretty offensive. I just pretended to think about it so that you don't feel offended.
If I admit it right away... then it would only hurt you.
Joo Joong Won, are you angry?
I know that you'll stop being mad at me if I call out your name three times.
Joo Joong One.
Joo Joong Two.
Joo Joong Three.
It's not the least bit funny.
Even though you may not find it funny, you're no longer mad at me, right?
Bitch.
It's that woman.
I told him that I'd get him to meet her again.
That woman I reported to you about the last time does seem to have a special relationship with President Joo.
I will continue to watch her and see if she has anything to do with Cha Hee Joo.
And what else she may know.
Tae Gong Shil?
Why are you here?
How did you find out where I live?
You hitched a ride in my car, and came into my Kingdom and now you dare to ring the doorbell to my house?
Didn't I warn you? Did I not tell you to stop?
Joong Won.
Joong Won?
You've completely lost your mind.
- You're mad at me, aren't you?
I am mad at you. You're fired. Don't ever show yourself in front of me again.
Get lost.
Will you stop being mad at me if I call out your name three times?
Joo Joong One.
Joo Joong Two.
Joo Joong Three.
That's not the least bit funny.
You.
What are you?
It's me.
The bitch you hate.
Subtitles by DramaFever
Thank you.
Sorry, I have to keep holding on to feel calm.
Let's go.
- Is this far enough?
- Yes.
Is this far enough?
I don't think a ghost followed me.
There aren't any.
Then why are you still holding on?
My hand just keeps going towards your body.
I'm not an object that you can touch however you please.
Of course.
You're a very expensive man.
I thought you wouldn't let me touch you because you were mad.
Thank you so much for helping me.
I'm valued at a very high cost.
So be careful.
That's right. I'm just someone valuable who sees ghosts.
You're valued high for now, but if you go overboard, your value goes down.
Then there will be serious consequences.
Yes, I'm sorry.
I was just trying to make you feel comfortable.
Don't bother.
All I need is your sixth sense to get in touch with Hee Joo.
I understand.
I went overboard.
I'll just focus on using my sixth sense, nothing else.
You'll start work tomorrow. I've found you a position.
Really?
I've always gotten fired because of the ghosts.
I never thought I'd find work again.
Thank you, President Joo.
I'll work really hard to look out for ghosts from now on.
I'll be here to protect you so do all that you can.
Yes, I'll do well.
But the salary... will you really deduct from my pay if I touch you?
Holding hands is 100,000 won.
Hugging is 1,000,000 won.
I took it all out from your salary.
Wait, I think that's too much.
100,000 won.
I won't touch you so carelessly.
I'm warning you to be careful.
If you keep touching me, you'll never see your salary.
You should only touch me when absolutely necessary. Calculate well.
I understand.
So expensive...
Doesn't matter if you're uncomfortable.
The truth is, you need me.
No matter how expensive my body can protect you.
But if you put it that way, you need me, too.
I'm the only one who can connect you with Cha Hee Joo.
That's right. I do need you.
That's right.
You feel like you'd die without me, right?
Without you...
I'd feel inconvenienced.
- Then hear me out...
- Get lost.
President, you were joking about the salary, right?
If I were kidding, you would be laughing.
100,000 won.
Not even worth a bottle of champagne.
1,000,000 won.
I hugged her for not even the price of a refrigerator.
I was too cheap.
Was President Joo here?
He was so cool before.
Hey, come to your senses.
He didn't hug you because he liked you.
He was making the ghosts go away.
If you keep thinking like this, it'll get dangerous.
Well, I guess it's possible for two people to feel nervous around each other.
You see ghosts, but that doesn't mean you are one.
Okay. Today, I'll hug you a lot.
1,000,000 won!
2,000,000 won!
I love you.
Hey ghost, go away.
Like it?
Episode 5
We found the perfect wife for your grandson.
How old is she?
Is she about Ji Woo's age?
She's the same age as Ji Woo.
And she died at the same age as Ji Woo.
I prepared these for Ji Woo's wedding.
I checked both their histories and picked a date for the wedding.
I can feel that Ji Woo's soul is near.
If we can find a suitable match for him, he can leave peacefully.
Ji Woo.
If Grandma does this for you, will it make things easier?
It seems your grandson does not approve of the lady.
I'll come back once I find someone more suitable for Ji Woo.
Kang Woo!
They delivered milk!
Are you going to have one?
- You guys can have it.
- Thanks.
Kang Woo, that lady got a job at the same place you work.
She just left.
A job?
She says she doesn't think she'll get fired this time.
You should protect her.
She says that scary people follow her around and bother her.
What kind of people?
You'll know when you see her later.
Be brave and don't run away.
Protect Gong Shil.
You said you like her.
I like her, but she doesn't like me.
Keep on drinking.
If we're brave and don't run away, we can keep drinking the milk.
Drink.
Go away. Stop following me!
Let me live! Stop bothering me!
What?
Who is it?
- Did he go this way?
- Oh, no...
I'll buy you coffee. Come back later.
Kang Woo!
Kang Woo...
Kang Woo...
I think I lost him. Who was it?
Was it a thief?
It's not a big deal. Don't worry about it.
Seung Mo said there was someone who kept following you around.
Well, it's sort of true...
I did think something was strange.
You always seemed uncomfortable and were wandering around.
That's why you take the long way back home, right?
Gong Shil, by any chance... are you in debt?
Are the people following you around loan sharks?
No.
Then what is it?
Well... the things that are following me around... are ghosts.
There's one right next to you now.
Kang Woo!
What's bothering you?
He's ... a ghost... a ghost-like stalker.
Stalker?
He keeps following me around and bothering me.
Have you reported him?
Should we go to the police station?
No, I don't want to go to the police.
I found a way to live with it. You really don't have to worry.
Then should I help you out?
I know how to get rid of stalkers.
Are you saying you'll be my bodyguard?
I'm grateful for the offer, but you won't be able to do it.
I'm pretty good though.
I won't charge you.
Then... can I depend on you?
It's Ms. Tae.
Looks like Kang Woo is with her.
The sun is shining bright for her first day of work.
The sun is too bright. It's giving me an annoying fever.
President Joo gave you a job. I guess he doesn't think you're crazy.
He trusted me with a very important job.
Are you helping him with something personal?
What kind of work?
Well the thing is...
So...
It's President Joo's car. I'm late. I have to go!
Hello, President Joo.
Tae Gong Shil. You're as fast as a ghost.
Of course, I have to get to work before you. Since I am your secretary...
Secretary?
Who?
You?
According to who?
Did Mr. Kim say so?
I didn't say anything to her.
Aren't I working here as your secretary?
This is not where you'll be.
Then where will I be?
This is the place.
But this is a storage room.
This was a room for the VIP members, but there isn't any use for it anymore.
So, now we use it as storage.
What will be my responsibilities?
Ms. Tae seems disappointed since it wasn't what she expected.
Really?
But it suits her just fine.
'Advisor for Special Customer Services'.
How can I advise any customers here?
Why is my first customer a ghost?
I said I'd get you coffee!
Do you know that woman?
She's Chinese, and she's renowned for her matchmaking skills.
She only arranges marriages for the wealthy dead.
Dead people?
Marriages for the dead spirits.
If there is a dead child in the family, she'll find a worthy match and arrange the marriage.
She's a ghost matchmaker. They call her 'Madam Go'.
Wealthy families sure do strange things.
I hear you got a room for Bang Shil.
Where is it?
We got her an office, not a room.
And it's Gong Shil, not Bang Shil.
I love you.
Center for special customer services?
There's such a department at Kingdom?
There is.
The room is hard to find, but it kind of looks like a garage.
Anyway, good for you.
It'll be bad if weird things visit you there.
It's already here.
It is?
One for you...
One for him...
I think he's addicted to the coffee here. He keeps following me.
He's my first customer.
If he's your customer, take him to your center for coffee.
He likes it here.
I'll go now. You should visit.
Hey!
Now what?
Hey, why do you ask for coffee and never tell me how you died?
Tell me. How did someone as young as you die?
Tell me.
Someone who has one foot in the spirit world.
This lady will do.
I spoke with the president of Giant Mall yesterday.
I'm guessing you weren't just exchanging greetings.
We also exchanged information.
The president of Giant Mall has a lot of business leverage.
He's thinking of partnering with Mrs. Wang for the Shanghai distribution.
Mrs. Wang of the Shanghai distribution?
I heard she gave up on business after her grandson died.
The president of Giant Mall is making an empty partnership.
Is he trying to build a lie?
But still, it would be worth looking into.
Mrs. Wang could be Kingdom's VIP member.
Oh, about the Center for Special Customer Services that you set up...
Someone had paid her a visit already.
Just letting you know. Not bad, right?
Your aunt stopped by to ask me for a favor.
Work?
She said to go visit Chairman Wang.
Chairman Wang, I heard her grandson died not long ago.
What if you see him there?
Do you think so?
Then, I don't think I can go.
No, if you see him there, go meet him.
What?
Ask him about his grandmother's business plans.
Ask him if she has any plans to join Giant.
But I'm scared.
Is President Wang an important person?
Very important.
Ask her no matter what.
Since she's important to you, I'll go.
But I won't be able to sleep if I see something scary...
You have me to protect you.
Do well. If you're scared, I'll hold you.
Madam. This is the lady.
Can you please change into these clothes?
You want me to wear this?
It's a favor.
I'm not mentioning that girl because it's better than hanging onto Hee Joo.
She seems a bit lacking, but she seems pretty normal.
She's definitely not normal.
She's doing work I've asked her to do, so please don't give her extra assignments.
I didn't give her extra work.
Madam Go asked for her particularly, which is why I sent her.
Madam Go?
She's the woman who arranges spirit marriages for those who've passed.
Seeing that she's taking her to Mrs. Wang, the rumors must be true.
What rumor?
I hear she's on the lookout for a wife to pair up with her dead grandson.
This is amusing. Ghost rumors.
But why would she insist on taking Bang Shil with her?
President Joo.
I was a bit scared, but now that you've called, I feel better.
Are you okay?
What did you see there?
Oh... her dead grandson.
I think he's inside this house.
I saw his portrait, and he was very young and handsome.
His grandmother is sad he spent all his time in the house sick.
He never go to be in love.
What are you doing there?
They asked me to put on some clothes, so I tried it on.
Clothes?
Why'd they ask you to do that?
I don't know. It's a very pretty dress, the kind you see in movies.
They mentioned it was a Chinese cheongsam for weddings.
A what?
Why would you wear that?
Take it off and get out of there.
Why?
Get out. Right now!
But you said it was important.
I'll see what I can do before I leave.
Tae Gong Shil. Tae Gong Shil!
Whatever. She's not a real employee anyway.
Since it's important to you, I'll go.
She should get out if she's afraid of ghosts.
Why is she doing everything I ask her to do?
Whatever. Whatever!
I think it was here.
Is this the dead grandson's room?
It's locked.
Please open! Please open!
Please spend the night in this room.
Who are you?
Please open the door!
Even though you're not dead, you'll be able to do it.
So, that he can be at peace, please stay here with him.
Ma'am, we have a visitor.
What are you doing here President Joo?
I'm here for my employee who came to make a delivery.
Where is she?
Do presidents come directly to look for their employees?
If she was just any employee, you wouldn't have especially requested for her.
I invited her here to ask her for a favor.
I'll take good care of her, so please go on ahead.
Who is she with?
Is it your dead grandson?
It's something important to me. Get out!
She's an important employee. I'll stick around.
- Where is she?
- What?
I said where is she?
Open it.
I said open it.
Open it.
Open it for him.
You'll regret it if you open it.
Your financial advisor paid me a visit.
I can join forces with you.
It's all in your hands. What are you going to do?
- Then I will...
- President Joo...
Go back in.
I'm here.
President Joo, you're here.
She opened the door.
I didn't.
It's all ruined, Ma'am.
Ma'am, your grandson has a message for you.
My Ji Woo?
I'll just say it verbatim.
Grandma, are you senile?
Just stop it!
And tell that lady to get lost. She makes me want to puke!
It's my Ji Woo.
We have to take measures of precaution before Joong Won falls for Bang Shil.
I'm thinking of slowly pairing him up with a better woman.
Who?
There's someone.
Explode like the fire from the propane!
Raise it. Raise it up.
As if you're the fireworks.
Passionately.
Like it's consuming your body.
Raise your dress up. Raise it up!
- Raise it up?
- Way up!
Stretch it up!
- I'm not doing this.
Wait a minute.
Let Yi Ryung drink some water.
- How much left.
- Just one more scene.
What?
My arm is about to fall off.
I'm only going to hold the lid.
Miss Yi Ryung.
The original concept was a wedding, since my wedding was called off, we had to changed it.
You have a lot of issues now that you're wedding is canceled.
If only your friend had not interfere with your marriage.
My friend?
Didn't I tell you?
I meant to tell you.
The lady who got your wedding called off was your high school friend.
She works at Kingdom now.
Is it Tae Gong Shil by any chance?
So, it was Tae Gong Shil?
A business deal fell through. Then someone in the family got sick.
All the misfortune was blamed on Ji Woo.
The business didn't do well because of the global economic crisis.
Everyone has a sick person in the family.
How did it become all about ghosts?
Because of... that.
It's because of that.
It's been 100 days since Ji Woo passed, but the flowers are still fresh.
As time passed, everyone began to fear this fact.
He's waiting for someone he likes.
That never even crossed my mind.
He was sick since he was a child.
He had no friends because he was always in the hospital and this house.
He also had a temper, so no one got close to him.
This is too hot!
He was always a sensitive child. And it was hard for others to connect with him.
That child... had this girl that he liked.
I want to meet her for once as well.
You will be able to meet her.
Right?
I don't know. I only know this kind of person.
My employee will visit here back and forth and find out about it by talking a lot with your grandson.
Didn't you say she's an important employee so you have to take her with you?
Not at all.
The only thing important to me is you, Ma'am.
Anyways, I will say it again I did not open the door.
How much are you looking into the investment in China?
Well... I will need definite details from Kingdom.
Then, I will consider it.
Our team will...
Miss!
I think my employee saw something. Excuse me... who is the person that came here just now?
The kid who came to deliver milk?
Was the milk delivery kid close with the grandson here?
I didn't know who he was...
Oh, the boy who delivered last time... spoke a lot with the young master, and they also played games together.
Did you find out who it is?
I think so.
Who is the woman that this family's grandson waited for day and night?
It's... not a girl...
It's a guy.
I think he's waiting for the milkman.
A guy?
Miss?
- Did you figure something out?
- Yes, well...
No, Ma'am. She says she still doesn't know.
We will come back tomorrow.
Let's go.
President Joo.
How can you just leave?
She's waiting, shouldn't we let her meet him?
Are you telling me to drop a bomb on that grandma's face who's expecting to see her grandson's beautiful first love?
No, I'm not trying to find the ghost's first love.
The important thing is to make that grandma feel happy.
So, what are you going to do?
The first love... with the eyes of a pretty nurse in the hospital... or with a teacher who taught piano... let's split the fee with that in half with the ghost.
But that's a lie.
You said you didn't like lying yourself.
When I made up the story about Hee Joo didn't you say that you didn't like lying?
That kid is so pitiful.
He has no one and he's waiting for the person that he liked. I want to let him meet her.
But, I'll do what you say.
Either just leave like this or go inside and tell her.
Make a decision.
Go.
Find the milkman.
Instead... let's not make it sound like it's his first love.
Tae Gong Shil, come fast.
I will crush you.
- Are you the stalker?
- What is this?
Tae Yi Ryung, you again?
Get off, you jerk!
I'm acting like this only because I shot my commercial today or else you'll be sued.
There's no scratch.
It's going to swell up.
Then why did you come to vent out on your friend about your canceled wedding?
I didn't come to vent out but to take revenge.
But looking at it, it doesn't seem to be a victim's revenge.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to tell her to watch out, I'm going to steal the guy.
The guy?
President Joo.
I'm going to flirt with him and declare war to make her cry her eyes out.
You don't think I'll be able to do it?
I'm Tae Yi Ryung...
So, you're going to war, but a secret weapon... is important for battle.
Should I do that?
You're going to help me?
But, there's a condition.
Find out the reason why President Joo is interested in Tae Gong Shil.
Why are you curious about that?
Do you perhaps like Tae Gong Shil?
Well... let's say I do.
Wait, I think it's turning blue.
Hey! Why are you talking down to me?
I could just tell you look younger than me.
You sure do look older than me.
Want me to treat you like an old person?
Fine. Talk in that familiar form.
Now that we're on the same side... want to go for a drink to commemorate?
Drink by yourself.
It's that guy from before.
Excuse me, I'd like to ask you something.
You deliver milk in the neighborhood up there, right?
Do you happen to know the person who delivered there before?
The person's over there.
It looks like him.
He looks sturdy.
Excuse me!
Yes?
You know Ji Woo, right?
Ji Woo?
Who's the person that used to deliver milk to that house?
I did. I'm the one who used to bring deliveries to Ji Woo's house.
He said it was a guy...
There was a lot of misunderstandings like that before I grew my hair out.
She may look like a girl, but she's totally a guy.
She's the one, right?
So, you're the one that Ji Woo is waiting for.
Hey, delivery!
Shouldn't you deliver it properly?
The milk is all squashed.
Even though it's squashed it still tastes the same.
Even though it tastes the same, I don't like it looking ugly. Just like you.
I don't like being unlucky either.
Just like you.
What?
What are you doing?
Delivery, you're really a girl after all! An ugly girl.
It's fortunate.
That she's a girl, how fortunate.
I am aware of what happened to Ji Woo.
I don't want to really talk about it. Please leave.
There's something we really wanted to show you.
It'll be great if you can go and take a look.
It's a very pretty flower. A green rose.
There are many kinds of roses. And many colors, too.
Then are there green roses as well?
I like the color green.
We do have green roses.
Awesome, they must be pretty.
They're not pretty at all. They look like cabbages, just like you. Hey!
If I grow out my hair and doll up, I'm fine too.
Why do you keep saying I'm ugly?
You look ugly. I can't even tell if you're a guy or a girl.
I think being weak is girly.
As I expected it was not good with a tomboy like you.
Hey.
Don't cry.
If you cry, you'll get uglier.
I don't cry over a guy like you who's weak and grows flowers.
I really don't like guys like you.
Ji Woo.
Ji Woo.
They're very pretty.
You lied saying they were ugly.
I wanted to show you too, so I grew out my hair.
But you died, like a fool.
Farewell.
Farewell, my baby.
Farewell.
The meaning of a green rose is a noble love that exists only in heaven.
It's fortunate that Ji Woo, that girl and the grandma found out about the truth, right?
We unveiled a very big secret today. You did your part, too.
So, I'll drive you home today. Oh, no.
I don't want you to go all the way to the front of the study room.
If I ride in your car, it may be awkward if I bump into a certain person.
Oh, you mean Kang Woo? - You guys live together, right? - Yes.
Kang Woo has a lot of interest in me.
He's really curious about what I do next to you.
It's a bit awkward to give him an answer.
It seems like you're hiding the fact that you have unique radars from Kang Woo.
That's right. He keeps asking me what I'm afraid of.
I told him that it was a stalker.
So, he said he'll be my bodyguard.
Are you perhaps bragging right now?
It's all thanks to you, President Joo.
Going to work and meeting people. Stop the car.
- I could go a little further.
- No, I don't want to go any further.
I shouldn't have been too accommodating to you...
Get lost, here. Okay.
Well then...
What the heck?
You said it was free so I didn't want to just leave.
Then... goodbye.
Let's go.
How come I don't feel afraid after touching his hand?
Why is that?
They don't look like ghosts, but why are they following me?
- Miss! Come with us. - What are you doing?
Who are you?
Let's go!
Kang Woo. Are you okay?
Are those people the ones following you around?
They're people, but why did they follow me?
That's enough.
I came to see you again. But it looks like I won't be able to.
You shine too brightly.
That's why the creatures of the darkness follow you.
I shine brightly?
They may complain and make a request.
You must be alert.
Amongst them, there are some who are looking for a chance.
The chance to come back by using you.
'Darkness will swallow the light...' [Chinese phrase]
Darkness will swallow the light and death eventually swallows life.
Be careful and don't get swallowed.
Mom said she was coming now.
Seung Joon, didn't you hear what I said?
Seung Joon!
Seung Joon!
Seung Joon!
Seung Joon, where are you?
Seung Joon!
Seung Joon!
You have to tell me where you're going.
It's a doll.
You can't.
We don't know if someone left it there.
If it's still there later on, then that means it's been thrown out so let's take it then.
Let's go.
How did you meet that swindler?
While working.
You're not explaining in detail once again.
Anyway, it was worth waiting over there.
Do you really like me?
You like me, so that's why you want to know more about me?
The reason why I can't say everything about myself is because I really like it when someone likes me.
They might run away if they find out.
You're thinking what kind of big secret does this woman hold that she's trying to scare me away, right?
Is she perhaps a spy? A criminal?
Or is originally a man?
Various things come to mind, right?
But... you're going to be even more surprised than whatever it is that you're thinking of.
I warned you.
Don't come any closer.
Thank you so much for today.
Don't say thank you.
It just makes me feel bad.
You're not the only one who has a secret.
There could be something I'm not saying as well.
After listening to your warning...
I am kind of scared that I might disappoint you as well.
Sleep tight.
He says he likes me so much, should I just tell him?
Kang Woo, I see ghosts.
How can I say this?
Chairman Wang will be holding hands with my kingdom.
It's an innate choice.
She said she'll hold my hand as well, she said to go to China with her.
So?
- Are you going?
- I can't. You're here.
It's too bad, but I declined.
So, is that why you don't have any strength?
Do you really regret declining Chairman Wang's offer?
It's not that, it's something else that I got rejected.
That was very regretful.
And what is that?
The person who likes me.
Thank you.
Thanks. Hold onto your mom's hand, well.
Thank you.
Come this way, please.
I can't say that I can see ghosts.
He says that he likes me, so I can't say it even more.
If it can't be then, I just want to pretend to be an a normal person.
But... I'm so depressed.
Why do I have to see ghosts?
Tae Gong Shil.
You look more like a normal person than the first time I met you.
Probably think it's because you're arrogant...
I'm so funny, right?
It's because I have some room to breathe.
So, I have a lot of time to think about things.
I got greedy, too.
Humans want more if they can live.
That can happen.
Thank you, President Joo.
You have become an air defense for me.
And a counseling room as well.
You... brought Chairman Wang and broke off the deal with Giant Mall.
So, I'll give you a discount.
Thank you.
But I feel so depressed today, I really don't want to see ghosts today.
Can you tag along, when I go home?
Humans bite into it, when they think it's the right time.
That cannot happen.
Okay.
- What's the occasion? - There wasn't enough.
But you know Tae Gong Shil who worked with us?
The reason why she went to customer service was because she received President Joo's special attention.
- President Joo?
- They're that close?
There are a lot of evidence already and also a number of people who saw them...
Lee Han Joo's mouth is quite loud, so the rumors are spreading faster than expected.
President Joo should probably hear it by now.
We have to connect like...
- Didn't Gong Shil have a lover? - She did.
A lover?
Oh, you know she comes to work and leave... with that employee who works on the security team
Then, it's a love triangle?
Who is it?
The security team?
Hey!
There's guy who lives together with Tae Gong Shil on our security team.
Who is the person she grabbed and dragged to go home together?
Not only that, he's also her personal bodyguard.
Really?
Tae Gong Shil is trash.
But with her dark circles hanging, how can she seduce men?
Right?
I've been watching from afar, but looking at it closely it seems they've grown very close together.
Possessing the mind is the way to seduce them.
In that Loreley Hill myth, men jumped in to die.
Anyways, who is that guy?
It's me. Pardon?
The one preparing to dive on the hill is me.
It's not easy jumping in.
I would need to brave.
You would need enforcements.
What is trash?
Sorry.
Only deliveries are coming in, instead of the customers.
This is a storage house.
Tae Gong Shil.
- Mr. Kim.
- Yes.
When we leave later, we're taking Tae Gong Shil with us.
Yes, Sir.
I want to know you.
I will bring up the courage. So, you should cheer up. I will bring up the courage.
So, you should cheer up.
President Joo.
The person who likes me said he will bring up his courage for me.
He told me to cheer up.
And?
So, you're going to cheer up and go? Yes.
I want to try to go.
I want to go.
 Are you listening to my heart?

 Are you looking at my tears? 
 In this world there is only one...
You don't feel anything when I touch you like this.
Right?
Do you really think I'm an air-raid shelter made out of marble?
 Why are you always pulling away from me? 
 Please stay with me. 
You know that can't be.
 Please take my hand.
I, too, am not indifferent.
So do you feel just a tiny bit?
I always felt a little like that.
You tend to... touch me too randomly.
You didn't seem to think much about it, and I didn't say anything because I didn't want to be the weird person.
But it looks like you're starting to react like a normal person would, so I'll ask this of you.
When you use me as your secret hideout,
I would like it to be at a friendly level.
People staring at us like, "What do they think they're doing?" I don't like it.
This. Friendly.
And this. "What do they think they're doing?" Understand?
I understand.
Actually, all that time, I just barged in just to survive not considering whether you liked it or not.
But now I think I should be careful.
Careful, careful.
Yes. Be careful.
Be careful of things like this, too.
I'll listen to your ghost stories, so don't go off on your own and end up like this.
This kind of concern is friendly.
If I get closer... "What do they think they're doing?"
Understand?
Yes.
Now let's go, I'll take you.
It's okay, I'll just go on my own.
You had to go to the detention cell and even got hurt.
That much concern, I can give you.
Let's go.
But I need to be careful...
My radar just caught a strange thing.
So hold it. Use it.
It's fine.
You, again...
Are you being careful not to be seen with me in front of your Kang Candy?
I'm just being careful.
I have nothing to be careful about.
If we happen to bump into him, I'll explain to him that, we don't have a "What do they think they're doing?" kind of relationship, but we just happen to be a little friendly.
Don't worry and just come.
Do you know what an honour it is to have a friendly relationship with the President?
Even Kang Candy will take you more seriously.
Episode 8
CEO Joo Joong Won went to the police station for Tae Gong Shil.
And I'm positive Tae Gong Shil is in some way related to dead Cha Hee Joo.
I let it slip due to a personal feeling.
I'm sorry.
Cha Hee Joo was an orphan.
If that woman, too, doesn't have any parents, there's a possibility they met at some kind of orphanage.
I'll look into it.
One more thing.
Find out if that Tae Gong Shil woman has ever lived in or been to Europe.
Yes.
Kang Woo, it seemed to me that your interested in her.
Are you alright?
I will be.
Don't pretend to be strong. If it's hard, just say so.
When the heart is not being precise, the pain will give the answer.
Will it hurt?
I will... take care of it.
Mr. CEO.
I'm grateful for today.
And since you did go to the detention cell, make sure to eat tofu.
I don't eat such a thing.
I'll be going. Goodbye.
Tae Gong Shil, about your radar catching a strange thing earlier.
Is there something following you?
Oh, that?
It's nothing scary... but something that needs to be scolded.
So I think I just need to talk it out with it.
You can go now.
Go.
I'm not Candy, I'm a radar.
Pull yourself together!
Ever since I met Tae Gong Shil, I'm eating bitter anti-anxiety pills like vitamins.
Ah, it's bitter.
Also, since you did go to the detention cell, make sure to eat tofu, CEO.
Does this look like tofu...?
Even when I touch you like this, you don't feel anything, right?
The woman who asked just to sleep holding hands... now she's worrying about anything.
Ah, it's salty.
Now that the radar isn't picking up on any ghosts lately, do I have a lust ghost stuck to me now?
You touching here like this earlier, that's called sexual harassment.
It's the same thing as touching someone's butt in the subway.
Are you here again, Super Market Grandma?
!
How can I sleep if you stare at me like that? !
But since you're here... could you just scare me a little so I get back to my senses?
Stop, stop, please stop!
You can stop now, grandmother!
Stop, just stop!
CEO Joo,
I heard you had a trip to the police station after personally taking care of something that's not even profitable.
Have a seat.
I was really surprised.
I, too, was quite shocked.
I don't have much to say since you did a good deed, but you seem to do things you normally wouldn't do now that you've put Bang Shil by your side.
Your father seems to know about it, too, and started asking me what kind of girl she is.
That's something to be more surprised about.
Are things about me being reported there, too?
It wasn't me! Last time I talked to him, all we did was talk about golf.
He must've heard about you because things about you are floating around recently.
You're his son, of course, he's interested in you.
It's the first time I've had his definite interest in over 34 years, which is so shocking that I'm on the verge of convulsing.
Your father is getting old, so he's probably gaining more interest in his kid.
Right, dear?
Of course!
He's at an age where he likes to see grandchildren and all.
CEO Joo, this time make sure you REALLY succeed.
I don't know...
Maybe he'll have a grandchild through meaningless skinship.
Grandmother, I've already pulled myself together.
So come out of the garbage bins.
Don't do that with your eyes, Grandma!
Just come out-
Kang Woo.
Are you planning to go out for a run this late?
Yes, I'm going out for a short run.
Oh, we were supposed to come home from work together today...
I just came on my own, so I'm sorry.
Something unexpected came up, so...
Tae Gong Shil.
I think it'd be best to clean things up while I can.
When I said I liked you, it was a misunderstanding.
What?
It was something I said as a joke to the kids, but you believed it as truth.
I couldn't say it wasn't true.
You even told me you were thankful, so I tried to go with it, but I can't anymore.
I'm sorry.
Ah, it was like that...
No wonder, I thought it was quite strange.
How embarrassing...
You should have told me early on that you didn't have feelings for me.
Because you gave me candy, and musical tickets, I guess I got too excited and went overboard.
You accepted the candy and the musical tickets, but you didn't like me, did you?
Someone I respect once said, "When your heart doesn't tell you the truth,"
"the pain will tell you the answer."
I don't think you... were hurt because of me.
If that's right, then... I don't have to be as sorry, right?
 How much more do I have to love you, for you to realize my feelings?
 How much time has to pass, for you to love me?
 I, who have too much tears, I, who is too dumb to tell you.
 My heart hurts...
It hurts more today than it did yesterday.
 Tomorrow comes...
You need to go get it!
I won't tolerate that!
Unnie! What's going on?
Help!
Over here!
Someone please help!
Over here!
Help me!
Unnie!
Wake up!
Wake up!
Unnie, wake up.
This is already the third accident that has occurred at Kingdom Hotel's pool.
They said something pulled her leg from beneath the waters, but there was nothing that could have done that.
If it's not a water ghost, what could it be?
Are you sure it wasn't a prank pulled by a person?
It wasn't just one lifeguard who saw it - many did, and it wasn't a prank pulled by a person.
Because this rumor spread during the busiest time of the summer season, we might lose customers to Giant Hotel.
We can't let that happen.
I'll install my radar... at the pool.
Giant Mall building is taller than mine!
Secretary Kim!
Hi, "10 billion won" radar.
We need to run the radar.
You... were you harassed all night?
Your dark circles are about to bury deep into the ground!
The supermarket granny came, so I couldn't sleep all night.
Mr. CEO, do I...
look sick?
You... always look sick.
But today, more than usual... you look like a zombie.
He says that when he hasn't seen a zombie in real life.
Instead of a zombie, you said you have seen a water ghost, right?
Yes.
A long time ago, when I went to the Han River with my sister to eat chicken...
I was enchanted by a water ghost, and I almost drowned to death!
Water ghost!
I never want to see a water ghost again.
Never, ever!
I really hate water ghosts!
I hate them so much!
They're too scary!
Hold it.
With water ghosts, it doesn't help to hold your hand.
Water ghosts.
She shudders at the thought of them.
I feel bad just sending her to catch them.
Mr. CEO gave this, saying you should visit on your day off.
Gift certificate to an all-inclusive package at Kingdom Hotel!
Isn't this place a really awesome place?
He included several gift cards, saying you should have a good time with your friends.
Earlier, he said I looked like a zombie...
Is he sending me there so I can get some rest?
Yes, yes.
Oh, I'm so happy!
I passed it along. She was really happy about it, and she says she'll go tomorrow.
Yes...
I'll send her over there first, then later... I'll tell her to see the ghost.
Yes.
If it's Kingdom Hotel, it will be really luxurious. What's the occasion?
I have more, so if you want to bring friends, do that..
- Then... should we ask Apt. 404?
- No...
No?
Well, then let's just pack our suitcase.
Pack a lot of pretty clothes, since we can load them in my car.
Okay. Unnie, I'll take a lot of pretty pictures for you.
Gong Shil, I'm so happy.
Hey, Kingdom Hotel has a pool, right?
Let's pack our swimsuits as well.
Don't you get the chills, with rumors saying there's something in the pool?
There is no such thing!
It isn't like this is the Loch Ness. (Lake in Scotland where the Loch Ness Monster "lives")
You dared to ask me to come and see you?
I'm not a person you can easily meet, on a whim.
Thanks for coming in your busy schedule.
What is it that you wanted to ask me?
Please find out details on Tae Gong Shil, things that can't be found in official records.
If you find out through her friends, you'll know whether they have seen her dead parents, and what her relationship was like with her parents, right?
Why do you want to know about her family?
Do you want to marry her?
If I was going to marry her, I wouldn't be doing a background check like this.
I could just meet her family in person!
Oh, that's right.
Then... is this just part of your job?
Keeping your eyes on her?
If that's the case, then I'll help you. Let's talk while we eat something.
Are you going to help, only if I dine with you?
No, I don't mean that.
I'm just saying it's meal time, so I'll "let" you join me.
If that's the case, then you don't have to "let" me join you.
Call me after you've found out something.
Hey!
I already made reservations...
Why is he playing so hard to get, when he's just a "salaryman"?
Secretary Kim, are you reporting to my father about me?
I met him last year, and after he went overseas, we've never talked on the phone.
Why do you ask?
Considering how he never showed interest in women with whom there were talks of marriage, it's strange that he would suddenly show interest in Tae Gong Shil.
I'm sure he's doing it out of love.
That... is even more ridiculous.
Did Tae Gong Shil leave?
Unnie, this place is awesome!
Get here quickly!
Okay.
I'll pack my stuff and go when I'm done with work. You take a look around first.
Where are you going? Looks like it's somewhere nice.
You don't need to know.
I'm a career woman!
Why do I have to spy on Tae Gong Shil?
I got something like this.
Bring Kang Woo and come.
You want us to join on Tae sisters' trip?
I, with Gong Shil and Kang Woo... want to do this.
If they get together, I'll buy you food.
Should I report this to the Vice President?
Let's just go have fun. We have to.
Maybe it's because it's wide open, but this place doesn't seem scary.
They're doing fireworks today.
Fireworks can't happen during the day and I'm scared to go out at night.
It's a pie in the sky for me.
Mr. CEO?
Where are you?
I'm at the hotel lobby. This place is really nice.
Of course, it is. It's mine after all.
The painting next to you is also really expensive.
Mm, it does look expensive.
Oh, but how do you know where I am?
Because I'm behind you.
Mr. CEO!
How did you come here?
- I followed you.
Did you come alone?
My sister hasn't come yet...
Really?
Let's go eat first.
I'm hungry.
He followed me?
Why?
You have it ready, right?
Yes. After dinnertime, the pool will be off limits to outsiders.
We can go after we eat dinner.
Where are we going?
I'll tell you after we eat.
It looks like Master Joo is doing an event for that girl.
She's so lucky!
She'll get to watch the fireworks at the closed off pool.
Do you have anything you want to eat?
Tell me, I'll buy it all for you.
Are you going to buy me something good because I look out of energy?
Yes.
Then, buy everything I want please.
Okay. Let's go.
It's been 15 years since Hee Joo died.
Every year, for remembering and helping the place where she grew up, thank you very much.
It's already been 15 years since Cha Hee Joo died.
After she died, I thought about ending my relationship with this place because it felt like I was paying for her life.
But thinking of Joong Won, I think I did well by continuing to come here.
It was here where Joo Goon met Cha Hee Joo for the first time, right?
Yes, that's right.
Chief Kang Woo?
Why did he come here?
Secretary Kim, what are you doing?
Ah, yes. I'm going.
Tae Gong Ri, Tae Gong Shil...
Such sisters have never been at this orphanage.
You didn't even bring Kang Woo, so why are you still coming?
Chief Kang Woo has other business, and I don't ever drop out of something I decide to join.
You couldn't even bring money for gas.
Han Joo has small salary.
Oh.
It's Kim Dong Soo. - Do you know him?
Oh!
It's the same!
Who is he?
He was the one who ran away with my money and disappeared.
It's my neck.
But... are you following him?
You can't. We have somewhere else we need to go. - Shut up!
Hold on tightly.
You can't have alcohol, so at least have this.
Thank you.
Now that you're resting at a nice place, your dark circles have gotten better.
Really?
But, by any chance... do you have any other clothes?
My sister's bringing all my clothes, but she's running a bit late...
Just a minute.
If she's going to go in and out of the pool, she'll need a change of clothes...
Should I prepare it?
Hey, tonight President Joo is closing the pool and doing an event.
Wow, whoever girl it's for is so lucky.
It's our loss when we get jealous. - I wish I can go on a date with him just once.
Event?
For me possibly?
You're going to go to your room, right?
Meet me in two hours at the lobby.
We already ate. Is there something else?
There's something very important.
If by chance you get surprised, don't get too mad.
Yes.
Mr. CEO rented the swimming pool, and the one that he wants to meet in two hours is me.
Then, he closed the pool because of me?
Don't let anyone else enter after I go in.
Yes.
Have the prepared item sent to the guest room I told you about.
Yes!
What... is this?
CEO Joo sent this.
It's so pretty!
It's pretty!
Then, what Mr. CEO said about an important matter...
Mr. CEO.
Did you prepare this for me?
Yes. There's more.
Look.
 It's you
 Love that's like destiny
 Sad memories that were like shadows
Please go in. Mr. CEO has been waiting for you.
Is no one really allowed to go in because it's closed off?
Yes, he has ordered not to let anybody in except you two.
[Oh, okay.] I came here because a problem came up at the hotel's pool. I didn't come to play.
Yes.
I'll return after figuring out what it is in the pool.
Yes.
It won't take long.
Hello, 10 billion dollar radar. You're going to have to use your radar again.
You said you've seen a water ghost before, right?
Yes.
Tae Gong Shil!
Tae Gong Shil, where are you going?
Wait a minute!
 When you brush by,
 My heart that once was cold
 Spreads with warmth
That could have been bad. I would have been so embarrassed.
It would have been a disaster if I went, dressed like that.
 I want to quietly approach
 And just lean on you
But then, why am I so upset?
 The distance doesn't get closer.
When your heart doesn't tell you the truth, your symptoms will give you the answer.
 It's okay if I can't touch you
 It's okay if I can't embrace you
 Lonely love, yes I love you as if you're my destiny.
 I can feel you
 La la la la la la la
Is there anything else you need?
What?
Flowers, champagne, I'll prepare everything.
It's fine.
It seems she's mistaken about something.
Oh my!
Looks like she got kicked out after going in there in a fancy dress.
What is it?
Looks like it's not an event.
You changed.
Yes, I thought it would be uncomfortable.
You looked pretty earlier. Let's go.
There isn't anything scary here.
There are people who are scarier than ghosts.
Right now, in their eyes, we look like "What do they think they're doing?".
It can't be that way.
I don't care what they think.
I'm looking at you, who is upset by what those people are saying.
Tae Gong Shil. You're upset, aren't you?
Yes.
Running away dressed like that back there; you looked like Candy.
That's right.
Think about it. You invite me here, buy me dinner, send me clothes.
Of course, I'd turn into Candy.
You should have just told me to use my radar. Why did you do that?
You said you were scared. I'm still your secret hideout.
Forcing you when you said you didn't want to.
I felt guilty.
So, it's like that.
I feel a little bit better now.
Let's go catch that water ghost.
Let's go.
It's okay now, Mr. CEO.
Let my hand go, if you can.
I don't care.
I think those people are expecting a Candy who has been abandoned by her lover, but I don't want to become that Candy.
Let's go.
That was fast.
I've asked Gong Shil's closest friends.
Her parents are her biological parents. They said they were all very close, too.
I even recorded it. Should I give it to you?
Send it to me. Thanks a lot.
Hey!
Doing this, we really seem like spies. I've always wanted to be one.
Aren't you a singer?
I've done a movie, too, you know. Haven't you done any research on me?
You can find it all on the internet...
How long are you going to follow me?
Salary man, you don't have a car, right?
My car's outside. It takes anyone, if you can ride it, get on it.
I'm going to take the subway.
That guy, really!
Tae Yang, we've been sitting here like this for a while now.
Don't you see anything?
I don't see any.
Could it be in the water?
I'll go and look for it.
Wait for a while.
It might appear when it gets a little darker out.
Just like being scared before getting a needle, with a ghost, the moment they're about to pop out is scariest.
And I want to get it done before the fireworks start...
I should hurry and look.
Will you be alright?
Water ghosts are really scary.
If you get caught, they'll drag you down and won't let go.
You'll help me if I don't come up, won't you?
Forget it. Don't go.
Just go rest and watch the fireworks.
What about the water ghost?
Let's just take care of it, since the pool is empty.
I'll just have the water drained and the pool completely dried for a couple days.
You almost fell in!
There's an lady over there!
Oh, it's scary!
This must be his house.
Kim Dong Soon, you're dead today!
I'm going to get all my money back, and I'm going to kill you!
He's married.
Are you going to... k...ill...
Honey, did you hear about the latest gossip on Tae Yi Ryeong?
I don't like her.
It's not even like she's a good singer or anything.
I know, right? She was pretty when she was younger.
Now that she's gotten old, you can really tell she had plastic surgery.
That's right.
Hasn't she lost almost all of her popularity?
Yeh, she's losing popularity to younger, more talented singers, like IU.
Her popularity isn't like what it was before.
Let's get off at the next stop.
Hello. I'm Tae Yi Reong.
Oh, it's Tae Ri Yeong.
For your information, I'm still very popular.
IU?
I... really... like you, Oppa.
Aigoo! What do I do?
Thank you. Thank you.
I love you so much!
Please look over here.
Why did you do that?
I was having fun!
You are really..
terrible at singing.
Really?
Even so, I'm still pretty, right?
You're saying that again?
Yup. So, I've decided.
Let's date.
I don't want to.
How can you refuse so quickly!
? You dog-mannered...
Hey!
It's Tae Ri Yeong. Wow.
Oh really?
 When you brush my fingertips
 When you brush my fingertips 
 The warmth spreads to my chilled heart. 
 It's okay even if I'm not able to touch you.
 It's okay even if I can't hug you. 
 Lonely love 
 Yes I love you as I was destined to. 
 I can feel you. 
The water ghost is an older woman?
Yes.
Ah, there she is.
Over there?
Yes. -What is she doing?
She's fixing her make up.
Make up?
Who does a ghost want to show herself to after wearing make up?
Something seems really strange.
She's leaving.
If she's a water ghost, isn't she supposed to stay in the water?
Looks like she's not a water ghost.
Oh my!
What?
What?
She went over there!
What took so long?
That Ahjumma even took a shower,
She went to the sauna, and also knocked before going into the restroom.
Can there be such a polite ghost?
I don't think she knows she's dead.
Where is she now?
She's going up there.
The ahjumma is sitting in the chair over there and dining.
She wasn't just staying at the pool?
She's wiping her mouth.
Looks like she's leaving.
To where again?
She's reading a magazine.
What is it?
She just went into that room.
That room is the most expensive room at this hotel.
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
Is there a guest in that room?
No, that room is empty now.
Open it.
In this expensive room, what is that Ahjumma doing?
She's sitting over there.
She's luxuriously drinking wine while looking out at the night scenery.
She acts like she's alive.
She's not acting like a ghost but like a human, so why did she do that at the pool?
She doesn't think she's dead, so while swimming, couldn't she just be pushing people out of her way?
Go, tell her "you died", and tell her to check out of this hotel.
Go.
Okay.
Ahjumma.
I'm really sorry for saying this, but you can't stay here like this.
What did she say?
Did she understand?
She said she can stay here since she won a gift certificate.
This... she showed me something similar to the gift certificate you gave me.
She won a gift certificate to the hotel?
Mrs. Kang Gil Ja won the gift certificate to the royal suite room.
Is it her?
- Yeah, it is.
I especially remember her out of all the winners.
You're Mrs. Kang Gil Ja, right?
Come this way, please.
This is really nice!
I wish I could always live in a place like this!
I remember she was so happy during her stay here.
So if she was very passionate with this place, she wouldn't be able to forget about it even after she's dead.
Dead?
Who?
Mrs. Kang Gil Ja. She's dead.
I guess you have a misunderstanding, she's still alive.
You say she's alive? - Where is she?
I heard she's at the hospital.
Is that even possible?
This is my first, too. I'm not really sure.
Why is she not waking up if she's fine?
What do you mean fine?
How can you say that to a person that fainted at your birthday party!
Why are you yelling?
You were the one that made a scene after getting drunk!
You have no say!
You were the one that always fought against her!
But why isn't she waking up?
Ahjumma, you can't stay here like this.
You have to go quickly. It's possible you could really die.
It looks like she doesn't want to go.
Before, her daughter's name, what was it?
Joo Yeon.
There's a response.
Lee Joo Yeon's mother, you can't keep on staying here.
Your family is waiting.
You have to go live.
Do you want to go?
That's a good choice.
It's not even weird seeing her do that anymore.
Okay, okay. - Okay? Okay.
Looks like she's understanding well.
Ahjumma said she'll go.
She just wants to see the fireworks tonight.
I'll go watch it with her at the pool.
She already changed her clothes!
We'll be going!
Even a ghost is all dressed up and enjoying it.
Don't lose.
Should I enjoy it since it's the last time?
She must be really excited!
It's been a while since I've seen fireworks, too.
It probably will be pretty.
Ahjumma.
Ahjumma, let's go together!
There are eyes.
Act like you're talking to me, and not the Ahjumma.
Shall we go?
It was such a good dream...
I guess...
I'll have to wake up now.
Mom!
Honey!
Daughter, are you okay?
Was it difficult?
Do you see me?
What should we do?
I'll listen to you so well from now on!
Mom, really, thank you!
Thank you!
Did Mrs. Kang Gil Ja like it?
Yes.
She said she really liked it.
She said it was like a Midsummer Night's Dream.
She thought she had a dream that made her be in awe and feel dizzy.
It made her heart flutter, feel happy... and it apparently hurt her, too.
Because she liked seeing it from here so much.
 You make me crazy 
 You make me cry 
 When I'm reaching for you to the point of grasping you close at hand 
She left.
Since when?
Just now.
I just have to trust you since I don't see it, right?
Yes.
Fireworks are over.
I... woke someone up from a good dream.
"Tae Yi Ryeong Surprise Show in the Subway"?
I didn't know he was married.
Hey!
You have a business trip to China scheduled.
How many days?
- One week.
One week is a bit long.
Do I have to tell her?
- Tae Yang already knows.
She seems fine even though she knows.
Tae Yang said this:
To me, Mr. CEO is like winning a gift certificate to a 5-star hotel.
It's huge luck... but I can't be there for a long time.
I have to get familiar with it not existing, if I want a normal life in the future.
The thing that Tae Yang said wasn't from herself... but it was Mrs. Kang Gil Ja's review on the hotel.
I was concerned about it for no reason.
Are you not feeling fine?
I'm fine.
I'm very glad and relieved that she doesn't need me.
"When your heart doesn't tell the truth..."
"pain gives the answer."
That's what Tae Yang said.
So apparently she found an answer.
"When your heart doesn't tell the truth, pain gives the answer"...
I've heard that many times from someone.
Who?
Cha Hee Joo.
When your heart doesn't tell the truth, pain gives the answer.
Are you saying you learn when you get hit?
That's right.
Since you like me more than I like you, it's fair for you to hurt more.
So are you telling me to get hurt if I want to like you?
Yeah. I want you to hurt a lot.
Where did you hear that from?
Did Hee Joo tell you?
I never saw Hee Joo.
Then how do you know the phrase that she used to say often?
I heard it from Kang Woo.
Bring me Kang Woo's rsum again.
Yes. Oh, by the way, Mr. CEO.
When I went to donate at Ms. Cha Hee Joo's orphanage...
I saw Chief Kang Woo.
I scouted Kang Woo because he was recommended for his fantastic rsum.
Is there a problem?
Who recommended you to him?
It was...
Was it my father?
Did you know?
He told me not to tell you, and I thought you wouldn't like him to interfere with your work, so I cut it off in the middle.
I considered both sides.
When you consider next time, don't divide it into two sides.
But be clear on either being on my side, or the other side.
You're the one that my father sent?
I received an order to be aware of your surroundings.
Why?
- He said that a person related to
Cha Hee Joo can come into contact with you.
Why?
It's because he said that Cha Hee Joo's surroundings are the main culprits, and he thinks that Cha Hee Joo is not a victim, but an accomplice.
Are his thoughts true?
Did you really not see the culprits?
You tell me honestly first.
Did you really give them my ransom?
Do you think that Hee Joo died, because I didn't give them the money?
If it's not that, then why are you worried about whether or not I saw the culprit's face?
Believe in what you want.
And you believe in what you also want to believe.
Tell him to come and explain to me, why he is suddenly concerned again after 15 years.
Oh, and also tell him that since he told me to believe what I want to believe,
I believed that the lost necklace wouldn't come out from him.
I dearly hope he's not searching for it, since I'm searching for it right now.
Tell him that.
I wonder what relations Kang Woo and Cha Hee Joo have.
Cha Hee Joo...
What's wrong?
Cha Hee Joo was here.
She told me... about why she's a bad bitch.
I knew you would figure it out someday, since you can see Hee Joo.
That she's one of the main culprits.
Who did she say it was?
The other person that she planned the incident with?
She told me she can't tell me.
What?
She said she has to protect that person.
Okay.
"I want you to hurt a lot."
Tae Gong Shil.
Don't go. Stay here.
I don't want her to see me like this.
Since you can see her, you stay beside me and protect me.
 You drive me crazy. 
 You make me cry.
 When I'm reaching for you to the point of grasping you close at hand, you are moving away like the wind .
I was going to get you a glass of water.
It is okay. I don't need it.
I've been keeping watch, but
Cha Hee Joo isn't around you, Mr. CEO.
She must have gone to that person she needed to protect.
For 15 years, afraid that I might find the culprit, sometimes, it was to watch over me.
Why didn't you tell anyone else that Cha Hee Jo was the culprit?
If she was alive, I would have said so.
I would have tried until the end to get her.
I would have just hated her.
But she died right in front of my eyes.
Just thinking that she had also been used and thrown away,
I felt bad thinking about that, too.
But she says that the culprit she was with is someone she needs to protect.
Now I understand... that I had been completely (perfectly) fooled.
After getting hit once 15 years ago and not coming to my senses...
I got hit once more today and feel like I am completely awake.
It must have been hard.
You said it was okay to worry and comfort.
How hard it must have been for you. Not being able to tell anyone too.
Covering the wounds makes it hurt more.
Still scared and not being able to read. That bad b****.
I will make sure to curse at her.
If I meet her again, I will definitely do so.
This b*tch.
Ten billion dollar radar, you are still useful in many ways.
I'm not a ten billion radar anymore.
I can't find where your money is.
That necklace is probably with the culprit.
Atthattime,myransom,didyoureallypayit?
Believewhateveryouwant.
Maybe that, too, I could have been completely fooled.
As long as the whereabouts of the necklace remain unconfirmed, he said he wouldn't talk about Cha Hee Joo.
I see that he doesn't want to trust me any more.
I should've moved more stealthily.
I am sorry.
I was planning to return to Korea anyways.
By looking at this, the story might change. Then, I will quit Kingdom now.
No. Stay there until I return
The CEO found out everything so I won't be able to stay anymore.
No. I'm the one who provoked him first.
If he's the son I know, he's not going to just let out his temper and cut you off.
He'll just probably ignore everything.
He will probably know that I will ignore everything and leave Team Leader Kang alone.
If I act anxious, my father is the type of person who would provoke me by acting relaxed and run way.
If I ignore just enough, my father will come and say something if he needs to.
I believe that, with women and my son, push and pull is important.
In Spain, I must blow out Maria's birthday candle.
I'll see you then, Kang Woo.
I invited my friends to my birthday party.
All of them are coming.
Then the friends who were there when you took this photo are also attending?
Yes.
Then I'm sure there will be at least one person who recognizes this girl.
Yes.
Please appear again.
Please explain it to me.
He's having a hard time.
He probably didn't want to listen to those words.
If the necklace whereabouts is found with your father, what will happen to Tae Yang?
There will be no use for her anymore.
Since she came, it has been loud around here.
It's going to be quiet again.
Did you hear from CEO Joo Joong Won about me?
Yes.
I was investigating if you were related with Cha Hee Joo or not.
That's why you kept asking me what my relationship was with the CEO?
I had mistaken it as jealousy...
I am sorry.
If it was like that, then you should've asked me truthfully. I would've told you.
Kang Woo, I will tell you everything.
For now, lets go over there where it's a bit dark.
I think Team Leader Kang approached Tae Yang intentionally, but Tae Yang doesn't seem to be angry.
Even though that Tae Yang has no guts, her insides must feel rotten.
What are we looking for?
You can't see it, Kang Woo.
If I say it the wrong way, then you might think that the CEO and I are crazy.
So I'm just looking for a proper thing.
Kang Woo, I can see things that other people can't.
I...can see ghosts.
Other people can feel the wind blowing or feel clothes pass, but I can see and hear it.
Tae Gong Sil, are you trying to scare me because you're angry and want to punish me?
Because you hate it so much, I wasn't going to say anything.
But without telling you this, I can't explain to you the relationship between me and the CEO.
In order to talk with the dead Cha Hee Jo, I stayed next to the CEO.
You see dead people and talk to them?
You see that grandma?
She must have lost her precious cat.
There is a pretty white cat right next to her.
I don't see a cat or anything.
But I can see it.
Grandma, did you ever take care of a cat?
I did, but it died not too long ago.
Our Yebi (the cat's name) was white as snow.
Since she is no longer useful, we should get rid of this room.
Is she crying?
Was she sleeping?
I thought you were crying.
I guess her insides aren't rotten.
There...
Did something come?
Don't wake her up. She must sleep so she can help ghosts and listen.
When she's sleeping, just leave her alone.
This is a safety hideout.
Where is it?
Get lost!
 When my fingertips brush you, 
 The warmth spreads to my icy heart. ? i
Ijustwantedtogive yousomespacetobreathe.
 Although I want to approach you secretly, 
She is useful for other things.
 your distance is not getting closer. 
I can'teventouchyou. 
 I can't even hug you. 
Lonelylove
 Yes, I love you. 
It's good, isn't it?
 I am able to feel you 
I slept well.
You were there?
Why didn't you wake me up like you always do?
Alright...
Looks good. Here.
Does he make you deliver now?
Ghosts must really like me.
Before, the medium woman told me that
I shine brightly to dead people.
Hey!
What's so good about being popular among ghosts?
You're right... that woman also told me to watch out.
Be careful, don't get swallowed up.
What does she mean 'swallowed up'?
Dead people will try to use my body to come back again.
What?
Did you follow me all the way here just because I talked to you?
It's no use because I can't see or talk to you.
It's not a single bit scary.
If they want to use my body in order to say what they want to say to the person, should I just let them?
You're crazy, crazy!
I usually don't call you crazy, but that's a crazy thing to say.
Right?
If I get my body taken away, then that's the same thing as dying.
I don't like it.
Honey, I came.
I'll play what I practiced today.
I don't know if you'll like it.
It's been a month, right?
That guy...
I think he believes that his wife can come back to life.
It's almost time for my concert.
I need you.
Come back.
There is a lot of interest in the media about the famous pianist's concert.
Through these types of arts events, people will have a more luxurious view on Kingdom.
I made it happen.
They say that since his wife passed away, he won't move a finger.
Did you meet with Louis Bang personally and confirm?
Its's not Louis Bang, it's Louis Jang.
His fingers move very well.
I saw it in person.
Since Joo Wong is busy with China affairs, you should take care of this concert.
I will take out Bang Sil's room while he's not here.
I've already said it's not "Bang"...
I love you.
I've calculated a use for Tae Gong Sil.
You want me to quit being the radar?
Why do you think I'm going to get rid of you?
If I cant find your money, you said I'm worth 0 won.
If I'm worth 0 won, you told me you would kick me out.
Yes, I did.
So, how much do you think you are worth?
To price it generously, assuming that I get the same amount as the other customer service employees, after subtracting the safety hideout usage fee... it must be in the negative, right?
You would calculate your value in terms of money.
I guess you learned something while you were by my side.
Then... did you check your account?
Customer, your deposit balance is...
Mr. CEO!
That's the amount after calculating everything you did.
You made a great contribution in securing CEO Wang's funds, and you took care of the hotel's problems, so your salary was based on that.
Even though you took out the safety hideout usage fee, you still have a lot left, right?
Your worth can still be calculated.
When it can't be calculated, then you will withdraw.
Thank you!
If I keep this up,
I will have money for a house after catching couple more ghosts.
You... If i told you to get lost, were you going to disappear quietly?
I didn't get hurt when you told me to go away...
That's why I was able to keep sticking to your side.
But if you told me to go away this time...
If I told you to go away, you would have stuck to me again, because you only go away after the third time.
That's right.
But...
If you really want me out of your life, then I will get it the first time.
All this time, you're saying you disregarded me as if a dog was barking, right?
Get lost.
Thank you!
Secretary Kim, I hit the jackpot today!
Did you know?
The CEO won a bigger fish, thanks to you!
This is all because of you.
If you sleep and get possessed by a ghost, ask me.
I'll help you. Oh, thank you.
Hello!
You meet Tae Ryeong, but why do you still keep that weird Tae Yang?
I think you have it wrong.
Tae Yi Ryeong is the small sun.
Tae Gong Shil... is the big sun.
Are you siding with her?
If you are concerned, you should call someone for dinner.
I'll go and eat.
Then... when you go to the business trip in China, meet Miss Park Seo Hyeon of Sejin Construction Company, since she's studying there.
She's the lady with whom you had marriage talks, which fell through when she broke her leg at a ski resort.
You remember, right?
Okay, I'll meet her.
Then, will you be assured?
Yes.
The big sun won't be rising in China, right? According to the weather forecast, during my business trip, there will be a typhoon.
Then I guess there won't be a reason to see the sun.
Apparently there will be strong rain here, too.
Ah, hot.
Kang Woo, are you having a hard time?
The dead cat was really a white cat.
I couldn't sleep at all thinking about it.
I'm sorry...
I wasn't going to tell you, so that I wouldn't scare you..
Is there one here, too? Tae Gong Shil, is there always such things around you?
Um... kinda...
But there aren't only scary ones.
They're not all bloody with giant holes where their eyes should be...
That's enough!
I've got it.
Please don't talk about it anymore.
Alright, I won't. If it's hard, ignore what I said and just think that
I live in a different world.
Just pretend you don't know.
How does CEO Joo Joong Won believe you?
Because the CEO... is very special to me.
If I pretend not to know, then I won't know how your world is.
I can't force you to believe me, but I'm here to see Hee Joo's ghost.
I have nothing to do with the criminal.
I'll watch over you.
I'll assume that the scary things are punishments for lying.
I'll try to stay strong.
When he's that scared... I can't tell him to believe me...
What should I do...
Why are you like this again?
It's a person.
I'm not a person,
I'm a goddess.
Hey, Salary Man.
Your face doesn't look so good.
You couldn't sleep because you had butterflies after a goddess asked you out.
Goddess is also a type of ghost.
I really don't like those.
Go.
If this is a burden to you, then I will be a regular human, not a goddess.
You're not going to investigate Tae Gong Shil today?
I don't have to.
I already found out about everything
It's over already?
But it was so fun...
Then let's go eat somewhere to celebrate our first day as a couple.
Who's dating who?
I already said I didn't want to.
Even if you resist now, eventually, you'll give in.
When you look back on this later, today will have been the first day.
Really?
Then let's just say that we're dating... and break up now.
Tae Yi Ryeong, one day...
No...
It's been one minute and thirty seconds, but thank you for the memories.
Be happy.
Man, it's so hard to seduce Salary Man.
Did you hear something?
Yes. It was like a clink, clink sound.
It sounded like it came from a piano.
Let's go and check.
Team Leader, did you feel somethingreally cold just now?
Go check that way.
I'll go check in there.
Okay.
I'm going crazy.
What is that?
Who's there?
My hand... my hand... my hand!
Chief!
My hand... !
Isn't he the pianist?
My hand!
I came to check the piano that I would be using for the rehearsal, but the security team just ran up to me.
And my hand became like this.
I'm very sorry about that.
But... our Chief says he didn't hurt your hand that badly.
This hand has to play a delicate piece.
But it doesn't move.
I'm not performing.
I'm going crazy, seriously.
That Louis Xang, or whatever, is in a slump after his wife died.
No matter how I see it, it's a bunk out.
I think our Chief stepped on poop.
How did Chief Kang get caught in this situation?
That night, the vibe was weird.
Chief Kang, that day, acted very differently than other days.
He was like completely shrunk.
I am Kingdom's Special Customer Servicerepresentative, Tae Gong Sil.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
I don't have anything to say.
I can see you.
You're Louie Jang's wife, right?
Likethesun,givetheshiningloveagift. Likethesun ,for the brightshininglove.
It's the sun.
What is?
This.
If she had this as an amulet, she would feel secured.
An amulet?
Ah, Tae Yang told me.
Thisisthepen the CEO useseverydaytosignthingsisn'tit?
CanI holdon to thiswhilehe's onhistrip?
IfeellikeifI hadthisasanamulet,I wouldfeel secure,evenalittle .
She acted like she was okay, but I guess she's worried about the time I'm going to be gone.
This sun pendant would be much better than the pen. She would be so happy if you got her one.
The sun was the king in the ancient times.
It used to represent death as well.
Let's go.
Why did I buy this?
This is something that I can't calculate.
Why are you here?
Didn't Secretary Kim tell you?
What?
I asked Secretary Kim for a favor and he said you would have it, and he told me to come talk to you about it.
Secretary Kim couldn't have seen this...
I bought this on my own.
But you do have it, right?
Excuse me.
It's not for you.
I'm not giving it to you.
What are you talking about?
An amulet.
An amulet? You bought an amulet because you're scared of ghosts, too?
I have a couple at home.. you could have just asked me.
Then why are you here?
To solve Louis Jang's problem.
I met his wife...
She came here with me now...
Why did you come here with her?
I had to make something together...
I needed an oven and Secretary Kim told me to come and talk to you.
I thought you knew cause you opened the door.
That's it?
But... how much did you pay for that amulet?
I don't know. The oven is over in that room. Use it as much as you want.
Okay.
Do I put this in?
I got so startled thinking she came for this,
I let her into this kitchen.
Are you done cracking the walnuts?
I'm cracking!
Walnut, you're having a very luxurious time...
Do you know how expensive this is?
I heard Louie Jang is a very sensitive person.
Before the concert, he only moved according to each time on his schedule.
And the person who took care of that all was his wife.
When he's practicing he hates the smell of food, so he only eats the pecan pie which has a very strong scent.
His wife, like a shadow, always took care of her picky husband.
If I make this pie with his wife's recipe, maybe he'll forgive Kang Woo's mistake.
So doing all of this is for Kang Candy?
Because of me talking about ghosts, Kang Woo got really scared.
You said the sweet Kang Candy turned out to be bitter.
You still want to help him?
I accepted his apology and
I told him something he really didn't want to know. So I'm kind of sorry.
Also isn't it a loss to you if he doesn't perform?
That's why I cracked the walnuts.
Is the thickness of the crust okay?
Oh more thinner?
Why is she so picky?
Why did you touch me? ! ?
I was talking to her and now she's gone!
Are you irritated with me right now?
When was the time that you asked me to touch you because you didn't want to see the ghost and now you're mad at me for making her disappear?
I'm sorry.
I was just surprised that she disappeared while I was talking to her.
No, it's because he's so picky, he won't eat it if the taste changes slightly.
I'm sorry.
Just take one drink and let the lady in so she can make it.
I heard that that's kind of dangerous...
If I'm not careful, I could have my body completely taken over.
Are you listening to my heart?
From now on don't ever drink alcohol.
Are you looking
If it's that dangerous, don't do anything like that.
At my tears?
Yes.
Onlyonein thisworld
Oh, you're back?
What do I
- Yes. Only one.
Forme,it canonlybeyou.
Please be careful.
Honey and cinnamon?
Okay.
Youmakeme go crazy,you .
Youmakeme cry,you .
Closeenoughto holdyourhands,butwhenIdo,you disappear likethewind
Kang Woo!
Salary man!
I heard you caused trouble.
Are you worried you might get fired?
Leave me alone, Goddess.
Just get fired.
I would like it if you became my personal security guard.
You don't think about how the other party feels at all?
You only say and care about you're own feelings?
I really can't figure you out.
I was worried that you would lose your line of food (money to buy food).
I was saying that to comfort you.
Do you feel offended?
Ah, I really can't understand Salary Man's thoughts.
You, if someone from another world likes you, how would you feel?
I would try to not like them.
If that doesn't work?
You should keep jumping in.
If something you never thought of scares you unexpectedly, do you think you could handle it?
You just like them more.
If you like someone too much, you're eyes flip inside out.
If you like them enough for your eyes to flip inside out, then would scary things come into your eyes?
That's true.
I just have to like them more.
I try to visualize you.
It's easy.
I don't like you enough to flip my eyes inside out you know.
That's a relief.
What I mean to you.
I came because I was worried, but he leaves after saying what he wants?
If I follow you, I'm crazy.
I'm not that much.
I'm not..
I am not.
I'm always here.
If I call him, he'd come right?
If we called him at this time, he'd probably be very mad.
If this doesn't help, performance or whatever, it's the end.
Because the CEO is a special person to me.
It'll be okay.
Life is like a problem that hasn't been solved.
Like how you and I met.
It was about big sun?
Shit.
I told him to like her more..
I...
Because you're not here, I don't think I'll be able to do the performance.
What do you have to show me at this time?
In here, the number of pecans is the same as the number of black keys on a piano.
Also, the number of folds in the crust is the same as the number of white keys on a piano.
You need to eat this to avoid making any mistakes during your performance, right?
How do you know that?
That's a rule that only my wife and I know.
Your wife told me.
When you were trying to hurt your fingers on purpose, your wife asked for help, and Kang Woo ended up helping you.
Then... are you saying that my wife...
She was... watching me?
Your fingers didn't get hurt, and they move just fine, right?
You...
You can see my wife?
Let me see her.
At the least, let me speak to her.
You're saying she's here, but I can't see or feel her!
Once, just once, let me see my wife.
She died so suddenly, so unexpectedly...
I wasn't able to be with her at the end.
You, had nothing to do with my hand getting injured.
I'm sorry.
It's good to hear that you're not hurt.
But... why did you come here to tell me that?
The person who forwarded me my wife's messages... asked me to apologize to you.
Didn't your wife pass away?
My wife was here all along, staying by my side.
Now, I am certain of that.
I'm going to put on a perfect performance, since my wife is here, next to me.
When a person dies unexpectedly, the person who remains sometimes have a difficult time accepting the death.
I think that's how Louis Jang feels.
You even baked him a pie, and he said he was going to put on a good performance, so... you don't need to worry about him.
You... are you okay hugging and holding random people?
That man, he's clinging onto you!
What was I supposed to do when he looked so sad?
If I didn't interrupt, you would have hugged and cried with him all night!
You worry so much about other people. Don't you worry about yourself?
What about me?
Tomorrow.
Starting tomorrow, I'll be gone from your world for a week. Aren't you worried about that?
The only person who can hug and hold your hand is disappearing...
Aren't you nervous?
These days, the ghosts aren't quite the same as before.
When they used to crowd around me, I was scared.
But since I've had some peace,
It's kind of okay seeing them.
Is that so?
Then, I wonder why you took my favorite ballpoint pen?
Ballpoint pen.
Give it back.
I didn't think Secretary Kim was going to tell.
Oh it isn't here?
I guess I have lost it!
Deduct it from my salary.
Fine Tae Gong Shil, just take that pen and get lost!
Oh, teacher! I was waiting for you.
I'm going to pick out my outfit for the performance. My wife will select it for me.
Since I can't see or hear her in person, you'll have to help me.
What are you doing?
I'm busy preparing for the performance!
What?
My wife always used to listen and give me feedback on my final rehearsal.
Please tell me what she says.
The person who passed along my wife's messages, asked me to apologize to you.
Ruyi Jang's dead wife... Is Tae Gong Shil seeing her?
That's right.
Thanks to her, you were able to get out of that mess.
I saw you guys coming here together.
CEO Joo, do you believe in her world and understand it?
Tae Gong Shil has a unique radar, and I'm using her for that.
If that's so hard to accept, pretend you didn't know anything.
When you say, "using" her...
Are you saying you're making her see Cha Hee Joo?
That's right.
Then, just as that pianist is using her to see his dead wife, you're using Tae Gong Shil, as well.
And that's why you've kept her by your side.
It's not that Tae Gong Shil is special to you, but you're just using her to see someone special...
Isn't that right?
Right.
Then, I'll be going.
10 billion won radar...
I've calculated her worth correctly, but hearing him say that I'm just like that pianist...
Doesn't feel too good.
But's he's right...
Yes.
She wants you to dress up like this.
It's just my wife's taste.
You know... I'm not your wife.
I don't think I can help you change in place of her...
You're right.
Without being through you, it would be great to be able to meet her directly.
I'll go change.
Your husband is very picky.
Gong Shil! I brought the cinnamon tea.
The cinnamon aroma is...
This is good enough, right?
He likes it very strong.
Wha.. what is this?
Is someone... here again?
She's the wife of the pianist who will perform here today.
I'm assisting him in place of her.
I have to give it to him in that glass?
Hey, what do you think you're doing?
He says he has to have his wife by his side to finish his performance successfully.
He's so picky that I'd rather have his wife come inside me and help him directly.
Hey, hey, hey! What are you saying, really!
You said once they came into you, there's a chance that they won't ever go out.
Well, as for that, as long as I hold on to my consciousness... such thing won't ever happen.
Gong Shil. Just tell him to drink this, and let's go, okay?
But apparently there's something else I need to do for him right before the concert.
Hold this for a second.
Huh?
Right. The business trip...
Huh?
Hold on...
Hey!
Master.
It's time to leave.
Alright.
There's an ahjussi who always sits next to that trash can.
Just a moment.
Mister, who's there.
Are you close to Tae Gong Shil?
I will throw this out here.
Tell that friend to pick it up, or not.
Why don't we rest here for a bit?
Why is it doing that?
Let's just go.
He left already...
The pill I used to take to fall asleep without you... will summon you.
You in this dress.
I will be able to see in a bit.
Where did you go?
There was someone I needed to see, so I went there for a moment.
Have a tea.
Me?
Having a tea...
You should be able to do in place of her.
The cinnamon aroma is very strong.
Even though I feel alone and sad, I don't cry.
I keep putting up with it. Just put up with it. Why would I cry?
CEO
This woman is ready.
When will you come, dear?
We're checked in.
Let's go in.
Check his fingers one more time at the concert.
I saw them moving well.
We came here to see how your condition is.
I'm in perfect condition now.
Because this person is here.
Who is this person...?
Bang Shil...
Ba...
Bang Shil...
Bang Shil?
She's my everlasting muse who enables me to do music.
I won't be able to say farewell to you after the concert.
We're heading to France right after.
You need to see me in rehearsal.
Let's go.
Bang Shil dressed in a blanket... is Louie Jang's muse?
Since when?
What in the world is she?
Isn't that Miss Tae Gong Shil?
She looks like a different person being dressed like that.
She does.
What's the matter?
Did you... break up with Tae Gong Shil?
Did you call me to talk about that stuff? To someone going on a business trip?
Tae Gong Shil is with Louie Jang right now!
Is that right?
I guess she ended up going without being able to decline.
Do you know, too?
Is Tae Gong Shill really,
Louie Jang's muse?
What?
She looked like a different person.
Oh, are you also aware that she's going to France with him?
Where is she going?
She's going with Louie Jang.
They say they're going right after the concert.
I'm so happy you came back.
If we leave like this, we should be able to live like before.
Someone may recognize you and stop us.
I will finish the concert by myself, so I want you to go and hide at home.
I will finish the concert by myself, so you hurry and go now.
Louie.
See, you can do it alone, without me.
Well, it's because the situation is urgent now.
That's right.
People can change when the circumstances change.
I'm not here any more.
So you should change as well.
But you're here.
I only borrowed her temporarily.
To make you come to your senses for the last time.
I was a little pleased to see you become a fool without me.
I always lived stuck to you like a shadow.
If I saw you living normally without me,
I would have felt upset.
Because I made you stuffy...
Is that why you left me?
Is that it?
The fact that your heart suddenly stopped beating...
I couldn't stand the fact that it was because me.
I couldn't let you go without finding a different reason!
Because I lived for you while my heart was beating.
Me whose heart stopped beating.
Please let it go.
You made me prepare everything for you with my own hands.
But, to the final splendid stage, you went up alone, didn't you?
Now do all that by yourself.
It's not that you're extremely sensitive, but you're just very lazy.
Fix it.
Honey...
Honey...
Master went to China, though.
Tae Gong Shil.
You're here, Mr. Joo Joong Won.
Are you the wife who came to my house and made me crack walnuts?
Are you here to save Tae Yang?
I'm here, so it's time for you to leave.
If I just leave, I can't tell you the secret, though.
Aren't you curious?
What she thinks of you?
This is good.
Are you asking if I like that person?
Is it that obvious?
But he already has someone he likes a lot.
So my feelings are a secret. A secret.
I can tell you the secret I know.
I don't want to know.
Why?
Because you're afraid you won't be able to do any more calculations once you knew?
You already can't do the calculations, so why do you still keep her by your side?
I'm curious about your secret as well, so I don't want to leave her body.
Take a good look at it, and get lost.
 When my fingertips brush you, 
 The warmth spreads to my icy heart. 
 Although I want to secretly approach and lean on you. 
Yourdistanceisn 'tgettinganycloser.
 I can't even touch you. 
 I can't even hug you.
 Lonely love. 
 Yes, I love you as I was destined to. 
 I am feeling you. 
 You can touch my heart. 
Althoughwiththe two handsreachingoutIwanttoholdon to you, 
 It seems you're farther away. 
Tae Gong Shil.
Are you okay?
Kang Woo, I think I fell asleep here.
Wasn't CEO Joo Joong Won here?
He was?
He went on a business trip, though.
Omo! What is this?
Why am I wearing this?
You don't remember being with Louie Jang?
Something must have gone wrong.
What did I do?
Are you sure you are okay?
Let me take you home.
Is Tae Yang alright?
I am not alright.
You tried hard to keep that woman beside me, didn't you?
You knew?
Why did you do that?
It was good to see you change.
As long as she's beside me,
I will continue to change, won't I?
I... don't want to change.
After 1 week
He should be back today.
One week was long... He didn't even answer the phone.
What brings you to talk to me out of the blue?
Yes?
Something's there?
What is this?
Mr. CEO did? Really?
This is the sun...
So pretty.
Miss Tae Gong Shil!
Have you heard?
What?
You don't know yet...
Well, it just happened so fast.
What did?
Master... arrived from China just now.
Really?
Hear what I have to say before you go...
She'll be in shock if she just goes like that.
Deep trouble.
Secretary Kim!
Is the CEO here?
Ah, yes. He's coming in.
Did you have a good time?
Well, but...
Secretary Kim.
Yes.
Did you tell this lady, too?
Not yet.
Miss Tae Gong Shil. Please congratulate Joong Won when you see him.
Our Joong Won... No, CEO Joo... will get married.
Ah, here he comes.
That lady is the lady who will marry our CEO Joo.
 Wherever you are and whatever you're doing
Thoughts of you have changedmy days and nights.
I get dizzy,my head spins whenever I see you for just even a moment.
How much more do I have to love youbefore you know my feelings?
How much more time should passbefore you love me?
Because I always have so many tears,Because I am a fool who can't speak,
[Preview]my heart hurts.
I really hate a mean jerk like you!
Are you saying Cha Hee Joo is alive?
I think she's still somewhere close.
Who are you?
Did you call on me?
I'll depend on you.
Then I'll leave first before you say, "Get lost!"
Wait! Get lost!
Do you think you're important enough to influence my marriage?
I shouldn't be a Candy.
You're being ignored...
I can't do without CEO though...
Aren't you ill?
I like him though...
Don't go next to him.
I think he'll let me be next to him.
Why didn't you come to me?
I think I'm going to go.
Subtitles brough to you by The I See Dead People Team @ Viki
Oh, there they are.
That woman is the one who will be marrying CEO Joo.
Nice to see you, Miss Seo Yeon.
Nice to see you.
Nice to see you, too.
Let's head on upstairs.
Is that woman an employee here?
She keeps looking at us.
Stop looking at her and go quickly.
I can't stand it.
You go ahead.
Have you been doing well for the past week?
You don't look too bad.
For me, it was hell.
Mr. CEO, are you really getting married?
Aren't you curious?
Don't you want to know how she feels about you?
What secret?
I can see right through her.
Can you... see something?
Something that is just as scary as the ghosts you see.
CEO, are you trying to avoid me?
Are you getting married so that you don't have to see me again?
Tae Gong Shil, do you think that you mean something to me, enough that it'll affect my wedding?
No.
Then, you don't have the right to ask me "why."
And I don't have an obligation to give you an answer, right?
Yes.
Episode 10
Your aunt already went upstairs.
Let's go.
As I've told you already, I hate people touching my body.
Even if you're about to trip and fall, try to avoid touching me.
Our Master is so cold and rude, even to his fianc!
If he's not even going to let her touch him, why is he getting married?
I wish he had given me a head's up. How could he even not answer my phone call?
Tae Gong Shil.
Kang Woo.
Did you not know about CEO Joo Joong Won's wedding?
Yes.
I'm a little surprised... the news of it was so sudden.
The night of Louis Jang's concert...
CEO Joo came here, instead of going on his business trip, right?
When you two met that night, did something happen?
Did he come that night?
Then, the person I saw that night... was Mr. CEO?
I guess I was right. He did come here to see you.
That night, I was almost out of my mind.
I really wasn't myself.
I think the ghost wife met Mr. CEO when she was still inside my body.
What did they talk about?
What secret?
I can see right through her.
She must have told him my secret!
Secret?
I think she told him that I like Mr. CEO!
Oh, no!
Even though you need her for your business, is it really okay to use "marriage" to get what you want?
It's okay.
I've used my brains to calculate the risks, and I've come up with a good answer.
Tae Yang seemed very surprised and a little thrown off by the news.
What are you going to do?
The reason why I can't figure out an answer when it comes to her is because... instead of being in my head, she was inside somewhere else.
I was surprised like hell to realize this, but I've come to accept it.
If so, you need to tell that person how you feel.
Also, tell her that you're not really getting married.
I don't want to do that.
Secretary Kim. The reason why I still don't-
The reason why I can't read...
The problem isn't here, but rather, the problem is over here.
I want to live using my head, which works just fine.
Since Tae Yang is a person who can see ghosts and souls, don't you think she'll be able to see your issues and embrace them?
Then, when I die, I'll become a ghost... and I'll go visit her when that happens.
I think he's trying to get rid of me.
But I can't live without him!
Tae Gong Shil, your hideout... is he the only one?
Does it have to be him?
He's my one and only hideout in this world.
I just got his permission to stay by his side after begging like crazy!
Saying he's getting married and keeping a woman by his side... that means... he's telling you not to stay by his side as a woman.
Now that he's getting married, if he knew that I liked him, he would ask me to get lost.
Right? You said you liked him.
Being ignored like this... doesn't it hurt?
In your world, I'm Candy, and Mr. CEO is Prince Charming on a white horse, right?
But in my world, I'm just a ghost radar, and Mr. CEO is a shelter where I can hide.
I can't be Candy.
Because... he has no intention of being Prince Charming.
But, I can still be useful as a radar, so I think he'll let me stay by his side.
I think I should go see him.
Mr. CEO... congratulations on your engagement.
What?
Earlier, I was too surprised... and I couldn't tell you something important.
Congratulations on your engagement, and I wish you happiness.
You're being scary. Why are you saying this?
Mr. CEO, since you're about to become someone's sweet home, you may be uncomfortable with having a shelter.
But... instead of getting rid of it,
How about leaving it underground, at about the 2nd level below ground?
If you do that, I'll use it lightly, from time to time, without making you feel uncomfortable.
Can I do that? Sweethome?
Idon 'tlikesweetstuff .
If not, please give birth to a son!
Give birth to a son who has the same powers as you.
and if you let me take care of him.
You come in here out of the blue, and you're going too far with this.
Telling me to give birth to a son...
Tae Gong Shil, are you acting like this because of the secret you told the nutcracker ghost?
Did that wife tell you my secret?
No, I didn't hear about it. If it was a secret, it means you wanted to hide it from me, so I didn't dig further.
I politely refused, saying that I wouldn't hear about it.
You're thankful, right?
Is that what you did?
But it really wasn't anything.
I didn't hear about it, but seeing how you act, it's so obvious.
You're being so awkward that I'm beginning to suspect whether you even have the will to keep it a secret.
Bursting in here, saying "congratulations", "I wish you happiness"...
What you're doing is exactly what that famous girl, one who says "I won't cry even when lonely or sad"...
You're following her pattern! You're being just like her (Candy)!
Never mind. This may actually make it easier.
Making the effort to congratulate me, telling me that you'll move into the basement of my sweet home... and since you're also saying you'll be my son's (little hideout) nanny;
so that you won't be embarrassed, I'll act as if I didn't see or hear anything.
You're good.
It seems like you're misunderstanding something, but that person I said I liked to that wife isn't you.
It's someone else.
You know who it is!
I like... very sweet things.
Also, all this time, I stayed next to you despite all the bad things you said because you were my hideout.
As a woman, I hate men like you! Men who are mean and rude!
Fine. I'm grateful that I'm not your type!
Then, I'll leave before you tell me to get lost.
Those words... they made me feel terrible.
Wait!
Get lost.
If you were going to make an excuse, you should have made up a different one.
Out of all things, why did it have to be Candy Kang?
Tae Gong Shil, the VP's wife is looking for you.
For Louis Jang to introduce you to us as his muse,
I guess you must have an eye for art. I asked you to come so you can take a look at this.
Open it and take it out.
This one?
It's a vase.
This is an engagement present for Joong Won sent by her family.
It might be a little crass to speak of money, but it's extremely expens...
Ahh...
Do you know how expensive this is?
I'm sorry. I was surprised.
I guess you'd be surprised.
I guess this item is too much for you to handle, am I correct?
What if you'd broken it?
Even the thought is scary, isn't it?
You're probably thinking, "I shouldn't have touched it."
Yes.
That kind of stuff... don't touch them, they're bad.
What?
-Tae Gong Sil.
Calling something like this "stuff" is a little...
It's a very valuable white porcelain.
It's because people now keep saying it's so valuable, but really... it was probably just once a water container.
Please don't keep saying, "This is too valuable for just anyone to handle."
It will turn rude and arrogant.
What?
Are you saying that to me? ! ?
Well...
I'm just speaking about the vase.
That's right.
By analogy to this vase, "Don't try to touch our Joong Won and break off the marriage."
I'm saying this nicely to you, but what?
Rude and arrogant?
I'm sorry.
I was just talking about this vase.
This was originally just a water container.
But the person looking at it... can keep putting their heart in and weird things can come out.
Once you are bewitched in the wrong way, the only recourse would be to break it.
Are you not understanding because I'm saying it nicely?
Are you saying that you're going to do whatever it takes to sabotage Joo Won's marriage?
You're really dangerous!
I think you don't understand because you can't see it...
I even went and congratulated him on the engagement...
If you mishandle this vase, it could be extremely dangerous, so please be careful.
That really should be destroyed...
Someone will get bewitched.
Bang Shil... fighting!
Scary things will come around?
Bewitched?
Bang Shil's talking about herself, isn't she?
You got dragged into the Vice President's office?
It was a little scary.
What.. did she throw an envelope full of money at you?
No...
I saw a ghost.
I warned them but they couldn't comprehend what I said.
Is that so?
You! People keep misunderstanding and say that you were rejected by the CEO.
I guess my advances are seen as being Candy to other people.
At times like this, only ghosts understand my story.
The marriage has been announced now...
You'll get rid of her, right?
I have no intention of that. I brought up marriage so that I can safely keep her.
You're going to let her stay by your side?
Is she refusing to leave?
I'm not letting her go.
Because I can't not see her, for now, I'm securing a safe distance with the marriage, and
I'm going to keep seeing her.
Until when?
Until I don't want to see her anymore.
Was she scared because of this?
We told her it was extremely expensive, and she almost broke it in surprise.
She wouldn't have been surprised that it was expensive...
Is something attached to it?
Joong Won! Do you know how much this is?
Because boasting about money won't scare her, in the future, don't do that.
He really!
CEO Joo... fighting!
Big Tae Yang is dating the CEO of Kingdom?
As if!
CEO Joo is marrying the daughter of Seo Jin Group.
Really?
Mi Kyung, who works at Kingdom Hotel, says she saw them doing an event together.
He's just playing her a bit.
Frankly, even playing around, their statuses are very incompatible.
Why?
What's wrong with big Tae Yang?
She's smart, pretty, good at sports, and has a good personality.
Honestly, was she the big Tae Yang for no reason?
I thought that Kingdom's CEO was someone who fits well with big Tae Yang.
You have to see her to come to your senses!
Do you want to meet her? Let's pick a date.
You're going to be surprised.
Are you alright?
What did you see in the porcelain?
Isn't it that something scary followed you?
It didn't follow me.
But it's something dangerous, so please warn them to be careful.
They didn't seem to understand me.
Why didn't you come to me?
If you came to me because you needed me, I said I wouldn't avoid you.
After telling me to leave the safety hideout as it is in the 2nd level basement in the sweet home, why didn't you use it?
Can I be honest?
If you can, go ahead.
I was afraid the person I like would misunderstand.
Are you going to keep insisting that that person is Candy Kang?
Are you going to keep misunderstanding it to be you?
Misunderstanding?
In a manwha movie I saw before, struck by lightning, I was a wolf who met a sheep.
In order for the wolf to live, it must eat the goat,
But because she loved the sheep, she couldn't eat and almost starved to death.
In order to survive, he should see it as something to eat,
She's not supposed to look at the sheep as someone she loves, so he's kind of stupid, right?
I won't do that type of thing.
So, you're saying that your "wolf" thinks of this "sheep"... as a food source?
Yes.
That's why you shouldn't keep asking if the wolf likes the goat.
Alright, then.
Let's say the wolf was like that. What about the goat?
In the movie, the goat also likes the wolf.
Then what happens?
The goat likes the wolf so much that it says,
"Wolf, just eat me."
That goat must be crazy.
When the wolf likes the goat...  When my fingertip brushes you, 
Thewarmthspreadstomy icyheart. 
 I can't even touch you. 
Don't you want to know her secret?
I don't want to know.
Why?
Are you afraid you can't make calculations if you know?
 Lonely Love. Yes, I love you.
Yes.
Should I have listened so I can know for sure...?
Ah, I don't know.
Don't know.
The elder said that if his son is really getting married, he will adjust his schedule and return earlier.
About this wedding, what am I supposed to report?
To tell you the truth, this wedding is fake.
It's business for both sides.
If I accept your proposal, does the owner of Sejin Group change?
I didn't come here for a study, but on an exile.
Once I return to Korea with the marriage as an excuse, avoiding my step-mother's control,
I'm going to find my bed-ridden father's bank account under a different name.
I... will turn Sejin Holding Company into Sejin Cement Corporation.
The excuse of marriage, will a week be enough?
If you help me, I will help you expand Kingdom's business in Shanghai by providing you with Sejin's support.
I will give you the wings so that you can fly.
That proposal...
I will accept it.
After one week, the wedding could become something that never happened.
Tell the Chairman that he doesn't need to try too hard to change his schedule.
Does Tae Gong Shil know the truth?
She doesn't.
To her, before CEO Joong Won explains it, don't mention it first.
I understand.
I prefer a simple white porcelain vase to a flashy celadon (green-glazed) vase.
It's just like a dignified scholar.
Don't just touch it recklessly. She said it's not good to touch it.
Just look at it.
That's a ridiculous story.
Honey, what do you think you are doing?
I mean what about it?
No one's around anyway.
What about me?
I told you that I hate undignified people!
Go scratch in the bathroom.
I get it.
How did I fall for a man like that?
When he wasn't even my type.
I liked men who were like dignified scholars.
Who are you?
A gentle, virtuous scholar like you is calling on me?
When are you going to fix this annoying sleeping habit?
I've always been doing this, but why are you suddenly saying that now?
Before...
You told me it was cute that I sleep like a little kid.
Not being decent...
Go sleep in another room!
I was meeting a noble scholar (in my dream).
Why that kick?
Who did you meet?
I'm going to the VP's office now.
Let's go together.
No, I think it's best for you to not come with me.
Is there a ghost?
I saw something there.
That's why I wanted to go to check on it.
So if you just give me the keys, I'll just go by myself.
Let's go together.
If I don't check it well, I won't be able to pass by the Vice President's office anymore.
I'll bring the keys.
Let's go.
Are you going to stay here?
Due to the business trip, there's a lot of work piled up.
Secretary Kim you finished all your work, so you can go.
Yes.
Taeyang is still here, but should we go out together?
No...
I guess Kang Woo will probably take her.
He's saying it so I could hear him, but
I didn't hear anything.
What is this?
Did she already leave?
Kang Woo...
You can hold me if you're scared.
Ok then...
I'll lean on you.
I don't want to hold on like a kid.
I am used to this posture.
Ok.
But please loosen your grip.
Alright...
I will.
Where should we look?
The vase isn't here.
No ghosts either.
They aren't there?
Tae Gong Shil, you aren't scared?
I'm scared, too.
I'm just more used to it than you.
Were you living in hiding for so long because you were scared?
I was just living in hiding but... after I met Mr. CEO it got a lot better.
My life started becoming different since I found a breathing space.
The CEO is... giving you something that I could never give.
But he's getting married now.
I don't think I can keep staying by his side.
After a week, this could be something that never happened.
Miss Tae Gong Shil, why don't you test yourself to see if you really need him or not?
Even when he wasn't here, you came to work and endured it well.
But, I don't know if I'll be able to not stick to him when he's right next to me
Give yourself about a week, and please think about it well.
If you decide that you are fine without him, even if the situation changes,
don't go back to him.
It will hurt.
Wait for me and we'll go together.
I heard there's a nice ramyun shop near our building...
There's something there though.
Then, you direct me to a place without them.
The kimbap place next to it has nothing.
But it also has no taste...
The kimbap place sounds better.
Hold it...
Is Kang Woo not here?
The Chief is out somewhere...
We see you a lot.
Since I see you often, do I also look like a neighborhood girl to you?
No you're a goddess of course.
Appearing in our security office, a goddess.
What is that?
It's the Chief's.
It's cute...
I'm sorry, but a picture?
If you keep doing this... you won't be able to go.
What is this?
Kang Woo...
You're so cute!
Did you just do this because you were scared?
Do it again.
That's enough.
Why are you here again?
There might be an article about you and me.
We got our photos taken in the subway.
I'm meeting with a close reporter tomorrow...
If you come with me and have some beer, you can become a bodyguard.
And if I feel like it... you'll come out as my boyfriend.
That article will become number one.
I'm going to the kimbap place with Tae Gong Shil later...
You should come along and eat Korean yellow radish next to her since you're friends.
Kang Woo!
It got on well.
Let's go!
Let's show Gong Shil, too.
This color... and this color are the same.
Is that right?
Let's go next time to eat kimbap.
Yes, I understand.
I'll go first then.
Mr. CEO didn'tleave yet?
He's not here?
OH MY GOD!
I thought you were a ghost!
It would be better if I was a ghost.
Without having to be worried about anyone else... and being concerned for only yourself...
If you were a ghost, you would have to hold on to me instead of me holding on to you.
I'm really popular among the ghosts.
When they see me,
I actually seem like the sun.
I'm not even a ghost but why am I like this?
What?
Come in...
Sit.
Tae Gong Shil, do you just want to be Candy?
Come out of hostage, I'll get you a house.
You might need a car, choose one.
Do you want to study more? Then do it.
I'll let you.
Is there a big ghost that you need to find?
Tae Gong Shil, normally people say either "Thank you." or "Why are you being like this?"
I don't need a big house because then there's a lot of room for ghosts to hide.
And for the car, I do have my license, but I'm scared that something might come out so I don't need it.
And I'm thinking about studying, but
I think I'll be able to take a test even when there are ghosts.
You're giving me answers that I can't calculate at all.
The relationship that you and I have...
I want to set things straight.
With no money and being frugal, you push away, and stick to a man with a lot of money.
And people around you are telling you that it won't work out.
If I buy you a house or a car, you either act cute or get upset.
Do it the easy way.
You, who talk about ghosts in a porcelain vase when my aunt is trying to embarrass and insult you, you're hard to understand.
Just be simple and be Candy.
Then I, for sure, can get rid of you.
If you're curious about the end, I'm not scared.
Then you're saying that you can easily push me away?
If I go into your world, and become your one and only person, if that happens, I can't tell you to get lost.
So, to make it easier for me to deal with you, be Candy, and... with me, let's play in here.
Okay? If I become Candy, then that means I'll have to leave when you tell me to get lost.
I don't want to do it.
Then what do you want me to do?
I tell you I'm getting married, and you tell me to make a shelter for you at the B2 floor.
I tell you to be Candy, but you say you don't want to accept gifts and leave in return.
You want me to become a sheep and expect me to say "Hunt me, and eat me"
I don't expect anything like that.
Why is it so hard for you?
Is it a burden that I might like you?
I don't like you.
Just like how we caught the water ghost at the hotel,
I'll just go catch the porcelain ghost.
There are none here. Go home.
Let's go.
Look at this.
After hearing all that, you don't say
"Why are you doing this" or "What do you think you're doing"
Truthfully, on the way here, I saw a very scary ajumma.
Let's go.
Where did you see her?
At the entrance, I think it's her first time here.
I guess I have to keep holding you hand.
If you're uncomfortable, it's okay if we just hold fingers.
While I was on my business trip, did you see any other scary things?
There was.
But I endured by holding onto your ballpoint pen.
Pen?
Oh, as an amulet.
Mr. CEO, I've been thinking...
Since I was kind of okay, spending a week away from you with just that pen...
So when the time comes, before you tell me to get lost
I think I can leave first
So don't worry too much.
There will be an end.
Necklace...
I don't think she picked it up.
Am I really that... burdensome?
Everyone, pay attention. After China, it is America.
I'll give you three minutes of time.
Those of you who can't keep pace, go work for Giant mall.
Secretary Kim.
Keep an eye on Giant mall's construction plan.
Make all of it into mirrors.
Make it pretty.
Everyone got it?
I heard that girl and the CEO, together slept in a suite room.
A Suite room?
They even borrowed the whole swimming pool.
Who?
Over there.
But I heard she got dumped.
Because he's marrying someone else.
Of course. I knew it would happen.
I knew it was going to be like this.
But I'm still kind of jealous.
What are you jealous of?
Are they talking about me?
Even I would marry someone else.
Seonbeenim (scholar) how can you have such good thoughts, and be so graceful?
This is good.
Try it.
How vulgar and repulsive.
Why are you being like this again?
You called me dirty earlier for going to the bathroom.
Why you keep hating everything I do?
A man be such a flake.
I lost my appetite. Her name is also Gong Shil.
I knew Dooly, I guess there was a Gong Shil too?
You seem tired these days, so for Gong Shil to have strength take Gong Shil.
Thank you.
She kind of looks like Dooly.
Gong Shil's boyfriend is Dooly.
Really?
Please take care of Gong Shil.
Okay, I'll reserve the restaurant.
I'll see you later.
Is this your office?
It's so tiny,
I heard all our classmates from high school are having a gathering.
Everyone's wondering about you. Can't you feel it?
I'll go.
I think I need to go to places like that.
Really?
When we decide the place and time, I'll let you know.
I'm asking this because I'm really curious,
What's your relationship with CEO Joo Joong Won?
Just look at it as you see it.
I heard that you got rejected.
If it looked like that, I guess it is...
That's too bad.
CEO Joo Joong Won has been known for that first love curse,
The wedding was broken several times, but I think this time he will actually marry.
Too bad the curse got broken just about the same time you tried to win him over.
I know right..
What's that?
Gong Shil, her name is Gong Shil too.
Is this Dooly's copycat?
No, her boyfriend is Dooly.
Yes, I will go to the airport on time.
Okay. I'll see you then.
If I go in this time, I think I might be there for a long while.
Are you going to find this woman?
If she's alive, I need to find her.
Joo Woong,
The saying that he's under Cha Hee Joo's curse, that rumor spread every time wedding was mentioned.
This time how it's going to be, there will be a lot of talk going around.
To the CEO Cha Hee Joo isn't a curse but a pain.
If it's a pain, he supposed to look for someone to cure it.
Maybe it is a real curse..
He kicks everyone out, not letting anyone near.
That's right.
And he always goes "get lost"
A person who says he will not change, and a person who will not go away no matter how much you kick them away.
If they come together, who do you think will win?
Are you talking about CEO and me?
I'm on your side.
I heard tomorrow you're going to a class meeting.
Where's the location?
Tomorrow, the meeting with Sejin group Park Sung Ji has been planned.
It's been almost a week, but are you sure you want to cancel it?
Are you not planning to continue?
I know everything about what Secretary Kim is thinking.
I'm not going to tell you.
Honey.
Why is this person doing this to me lately?
We have to break that though...
Since this is President Joo's fiance's gift, leave this here.
Is aunt really wierd?
After bringing this, she completely ignores me and when I tell her to do something, she says that she's tired and can't do it.
She even told me that she doesn't want to see my face. She's not the type of person to do that though...
According to that miss, if something happens, we should break this but even though things are weird, this isn't something that should be broken just from listening to those words.
Tae Gong Sil said to break this?
Yes she did.
But still,
President Joo isn't breaking his wedding, so why should we break this?
President Joo, you take responsibility for this.
After breaking this, I should say to take responsibility.
You said to break this. Do I really have to?
Is your aunt not feeling well?
She's in a really bad state.
She's in a critical state and can't even get up.
Then do I break this or not?
Then you're supposed to break it...
If this breaks, you know that the wedding gets cancelled too, right?
Do I break it or not?
You can't really break those things though...
They said aunt is in a very bad state... that she's almost dying.
She's the only aunt I have though...
Then you have to break it...
Then it's decided.
We're trusting your words and breaking this.
If the wedding breaks too, then you take responsibility.
Why do I have to take responsibility for that?
Because of you, she's dying so we break it.
No!
Honey! Honey!
What?
What?
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
What was that?
What was that? !
I don't see anything.
Gong Sil, you said to break it for the ghost but why was the reason changed to breaking the wedding?
For you, it wasn't like that, right?
To others, how they might see you next to him, I think I understand now.
What do I do?
Kang Woo ssi.
Is there something there?
It was Gong Sil to Gong Sil talking.
It's been almost a week. How do you feel?
Even though that person isn't here, do you think you'll be okay?
I'm not sure if it's okay for him to be gone, but
I now understand what it's like to be next to him.
Gong Sil, when both are together does it match well.
You said that you had a gathering today, right?
Sumo said that you were very nervous.
That's right.
It's been a really long time since I met my friends.
When girls meet together, they brag a lot about their boyfriends, right?
I guess so.
Then, Tae Gong Sil, you should also brag about your man.
Who?
Dooly?
At that spot, if Dooly shows up, all girls faint.
But rather than Dooly, I think liked Dochi more.
That won't do then.
If you want to talk about Dooly, then he should be there too.
You're going to the airport to escort the president, right?
Yes.
Then do you have an appointment?
Oh, with Tae Yang?
Yes.
Lee Hyun Joo has a loud mouth so you should tell her that Gong Sil and the president aren't in that type of relationship.
Who makes those rumors anyway?
I agree. I don't understand why people go around saying whatever they want nowadays.
Listening to some people, it seems like it was someone from the security team.
Really?
But does our security team have someone with that kind of cheap mouth?
You should figure it out, so I can give them my wrath.
When you figure it out, I won't ask for money for coffee.
Eat this.
Lee Hyun Joo is right here.
After lunch finishes, he said to come to the vice president's room.
Why would the vice president look for you?
I wonder too...
I wonder why.
Then go and found out who has the cheap mouth.
Then I'll be going. This is takeout.
Honey.
What again?
It sounds so powerful how you suck those noodles right in!
I fell for those sexy lips.
You must have gone crazy!
According to that miss, breaking that vase must really have had an effect.
But why did Joong Won break that fiance's really important gift?
I wonder.
Maybe he was thinking of breaking up the wedding...
Honey.
You said that hyungnim is coming in today, right?
It's been a year already.
He couldn't be coming to help Joong Won's wedding.
Maybe there's some other issue?
Kang Woo, it's been a long time.
Let's go.
Thanks to you, the problem's been solved.
If Kingdom's side doesn't mind, I want to continue this marriage.
It's unfortunate that we must stop here.
It's nothing to be unfortunate about.
It started out as a business deal, and we've gained a lot.
We should both calculate how big that is.
Yes it's been a long time. I come by a lot.
Oh, big Tae Yang!
Wow, it's been a really long time!
Hi!
Come here.
Are you okay?
What's wrong?
No! No, it's nothing. I'm okay.
Anyway, since we cancelled the wedding, I can't say let's see each other often.
If it's like this, then have I become President Joo's cursed love?
It's famous.
Kingdom's Joo President is stuck on a cursed dead first love.
It's been your fourth breakup (wedding cancelled), right?
I hope you get free from your curse next time.
That girl said that she was the fourth curse.
If we gather all the cursed women and play go stop, we could sell Kwangdo.
Even though we gather them, it won't be fun.
They all are pushed out by a dead girl.
A heart that no one accepts is cursed.
If it doesn't change, then it won't be freed either.
The reason why I kept you close to Joong Won is because of this piece of photograph.
This is Maria. I accidentally found this picture in Maria's old photo album.
Who do you think this other woman is?
That's Cha Hee Joo. Where is this place?
England?
Yes. A woman who doesn't just resemble but looks exactly the same was in England.
One year after Cha Hee Joo died.
Then, are you saying Cha Hee Joo is alive?
You said Joong Won met the dead Cha Hee Joo through the woman named Tae Gong Shil, right?
I found the living Cha Hee Joo in Europe.
Then, could Cha Hee Joo have been one of the twins?
That's the most possible scenario.
But I found something very strange.
What are these?
Those are the x-mas cards which the English person who took this picture exchanged these X-mas cards for 10 years.
She lived traveling many different places overseas.
Looking at the sent date sequence, she lived 3 years in LA, 4 years in New York, and 3 years in Peking.
My son stayed abroad after the kidnapping incident.
3 years in LA, 4 years in New York, 3 years in Peking.
Did this woman follow around CEO Joo Joong Won?
The last postcard had a message that she's returning to Korea.
That was 5 years ago, and after that, Joong Won came back to Korea and he's been living here since.
Do you think this woman is somewhere near CEO Joo Joong Won?
Yes.
I believe that Cha Hee Joo is alive, and she followed Joong Won after that incident, and she's still some place very close.
Who is she?
I haven't seen her around.
She moved here not too long ago.
It's Tae Gong Shil.
Ah... She said she was going to a school reunion. I guess it was here.
I heard your father just checked in the hotel.
Chief Kang Woo will be here soon.
Will you see him and listen to what he says?
I will talk to my father in person. You don't need to call Chief Kang Woo.
I didn't call him. Rather, he's coming here to see Tae Yang.
I guess he's going to join them.
Wow...
Tae Yang... will be pretty proud in front of her high school friends today.
Her boyfriend is so tall and good looking...
So you had an accident... How about now, are you okay?
Yes. I've gotten much better.
But... it's such a waste that you didn't get to graduate from that college, that school background.
Until what age can you go back to your study?
There's still time, but...
Gong Shil! Tell me about you.
You said you're working at Kingdom, right?
You...
The CEO there... is he really your boyfriend?
Tell them in detail what you told me.
How you made advances to him, and how you got rejected.
You're right. I met a man who's really rich and successful.
How?
On a heavy raining day, I got a ride in a very nice car.
But the person was Kingdom's CEO. I really wanted to see him again, so I went to visit him.
I felt like I had to hold on to him. So, I got a part-time job there, and followed him around.
When I told him I was alone and sad, he started looking at me.
The safety hideout came. Hide.
Whenever I was going through a hard time, he helped me, and stayed with me.
Ah, he even held an event for me by renting the whole hotel pool.
How do you see me after hearing my story?
Hey, we're so jealous!
I envy you.
And then what?
You know the ending is what's important.
That person is marrying a chaebol's daughter soon.
No wonder...
Still, I haven't gotten off of him, and I still hold on to him tightly.
Because I can never be separated from him.
That's a little...
I can't help it ever though I look shameless and pathetic.
Because, to me, he's the only one special person in the world.
That's me.
Tae Gong Shil. I came here after breaking off the marriage because of you.
So, you take the responsibility.
Let's go.
What are you doing here?
Now you're doing what I wanted to see from you. Then, is it my turn to act all charming?
My kid is pretty upset. To appease her, I'll treat you to this dinner.
Please have a fun and enjoyable time here.
My baby. Will you come with Oppa?
Let's go.
What the heck do they think they're doing?
Without the talks of radar and the safety hideout, people understand (the relationship between) you and me easily.
Stop it.
I get it now. This is me in your world.
Tae Gong Shil!
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
Did something happen?
I was taking her with me.
Kang Woo!
What's the matter?
Why is Tae Gong Shil acting that way?
Why did CEO Joo come here?
He said that he broke off the marriage because of her. And told her to take the responsibility.
What about you? Why are you here?
Did you come here because of her, too?
Yes.
Do you really like Tae Gong Shil?
Yes.
With this, you won't ever tell me to become your boyfriend again, right?
You said you would make the whole thing available and to use everything. I just need a small space to breathe in.
But are you that afraid that I would want something else?
Yes, I am. Can you really protect me without other thoughts?
After protecting me while looking at me strictly as a marble safety hideout, once you think you can live again, can you get lost on your own?
I told you I would. I'm like that even now.
Can I trust that?
Even though you just stomped me so horribly, if a scary thing suddenly pops out, I can immediately run straight into your arms.
I'm like that. It's not like you don't know that.
Fine. I'll trust you. From now on, I'm going to do whatever I want to do to make myself at ease.
From now on, you handle everything.
Thank you.
I can handle everything.
Is that right?
Then, start with handling this.
Tae Yang. I think I love you.
What will you do now?
Subtitles By DramaFever
Tae Gong Shil.
I love you.
Episode 13.
I heard that this happened because he was with you?
I knew that I sensed something bad about you.
- I told you to stay away from him, didn't I!
- Honey.
Madame Joo.
How's my Joong Won doing?
His heart stopped for a moment during the operation but fortunately, his vitals are back to normal and we've been able to continue on with the operation.
Then, he's not dead?
President Joo is still alive?
He was fortunate that it didn't pierce his heart.
We were able to safely complete the surgery.
So, he didn't die after all.
I guess he just briefly stepped out of his body like that lady from the hotel.
I need to see him.
He thinks that he's dead.
I need to check and make sure that he's back safely.
What do you mean, he's dead?
How dare you say he's dead?
Don't ever... don't ever come near Joong Won again.
- Ms. Tae.
- How's President Joo?
He was able to complete his surgery safely.
Is he awake?
His aunt isn't by his bedside right now.
Even for a brief moment, why don't you go in and see him?
Thank you.
Following too deeply into your world is dangerous.
I've... already... fallen as far as I could fall.
I was so preoccupied with keeping my eyes on you.
I must've been completely entranced by you.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
How's President Joo?
Is Tae Gong Shil still here?
I saw President Joo.
He thought he was dead. He came to say goodbye to me.
What if he doesn't come back?
I can see ghosts... but I can't call them out.
Darkness swallows up the light... and death will ultimately swallows up a life.
I have to go see that lady.
Because he saw the sun that shines in the darkness of death... his soul probably thinks that he is dead now.
He's probably unaware that he's still alive, and that he has to go back.
You're saying that he's not coming back because he saw me?
He's probably... preparing himself to disappear.
Joong Won.
Are you able to read now?
It's because... I'm dead.
So, you can finally see me now?
We can now finally be together.
You have to summon his spirit.
I have to tell him that he's not dead, and that he needs to go back.
I can't see spirits like you can... but I can control the spirits.
Please summon him quickly.
He may never be able to go back if we wait too long.
What can you do for me if I were to help you with your request?
I need your skills.
Can you offer yourself to me as a sacrifice?
What will happen to me if I offer myself as a sacrifice?
You will no longer be able to live your life the way you want.
Why?
Do you need to think about it?
There's not much time.
Sacrifice or whatever else, I'll be whatever you want.
Just please help me get him back.
The deal has been made.
Okay. I will now summon forth your man's spirit.
In order to summon him, I need a special item.
An item that he'd be able to recognize.
Is that proof that you're his sun?
I think that would work just fine.
As I've already told you... he believes himself to be dead because he saw you when his spirit briefly left his body.
It may be heartbreaking... but in order to summon him and return him back to life all the moments when you shone so brightly for him... must be erased from his memories.
Are you saying that he won't remember the moment when he came to see me?
I love you.
I said, all the moments.
The sun. All the memories of you being with him.
Everything that this necklace stands for and the sentiments behind it... will all be erased.
That's what it truly means.
You're telling me that he's not going to remember anything at all?
It's a choice that you need to make if you want to bring him back.
Will you be okay with that?
It doesn't matter.
I was intending to burn out the brightness of this crazy sun from his life anyways.
Well then...
In that case...
Joo Joong Won... Let's see if we can find him.
You are not dead. You have to go back.
The only thing that's going to disappear... is that light.
Don't forget... the deal that you and I made.
He's probably... back safely in his body.
Joo Joong Won.
Wake up.
I've waited 15 long years for the statute of limitation to run out... and for the day when I would finally get to meet you.
Wake up.
President Joo!
Please... please open your eyes.
Are you awake?
You're awake. Mr. Joo Joong Won.
Your aunt is waiting outside. I'll go get her for you.
She'll be so happy to see that you're awake.
The patient... is awake.
Joong Won is awake.
That's such a relief.
Tae Gong Shil. I'm sincerely making this request from you.
This cannot go any further.
- It's such a relief that he's awake.
- Wait out here. I'll get you in there to see him once his aunt leaves.
No, it's okay. This is the end.
I won't go any further than this.
President Joo... is going to want to see you once he's fully awake.
No, he won't.
I'm not going to appear in his life anymore.
Joong Won. I really thought I was going to die from worrying about you.
What... happened to me?
What do you mean, what happened?
I told you to get rid of her.
You almost died this time following her there.
Follow who?
Who are you talking about?
- Chief Secretary Kim.
- Master Joo, you're awake. It's such a relief.
Why... am I in here?
Did I really... get struck by lightning?
What do you mean, he won't be able to remember you?
I was told that he wouldn't. Since he was hurt because of a woman who's able to see ghosts... all his memories surrounding ghosts, or me will be erased from him.
The house that was in the way of my golf course being constructed...
I remember going there with Chief Secretary Kim.
Then let me... get struck down by lightning.
Did I really get struck down by lightning because I was asking for it?
That's the last thing that I remember.
The night that you're referring to was a very long time ago.
Joong Won, do you really not remember anything?
My whole body feels achy right now. So, I can believe that I was stabbed in the back by a screwdriver.
But... how did I end up like this?
It's because you and Tae Gong...
Just get some rest for now. You need to recover first, and we can organize your thoughts later.
But... who's that woman over there?
I'll introduce you to her some other time. Just get some rest for now.
Doctor? Please keep a close watch on Joong Won.
- Chief Secretary Kim. - Yes. - Honey.
- Yes?
Let's go.
How's your breathing?
It hurts. It hurts quite a bit.
We will do a more thorough examination tomorrow.
I'm sure a further examination will confirm but I'm sure it's just a temporary memory loss.
Something... flashed brightly for a moment... then it disappeared.
You made a promise.
But... if you truly wish for me to get out of your life...
I'll understand and disappear at once.
This must be that moment.
It'll be a good thing if Joong Won never gets his memory back.
I don't want anyone... to ever... mention that girl's name again in front of Joong Won.
Yes, I understand.
- Chief Secretary Kim.
- Yes?
Please, I beg of you. I understand.
The rumor of Master Joo almost dying while he was with Gong Shil is everywhere.
President Joo and Gong Shil went to find the body of the missing boy... and they had a run-in with the boy's killer.
And President Joo saved Gong Shil's life.
How did Tae Gong Shil know that that child's body was at that auto repair shop?
You don't need to know.
We can't even say anything about it anyways because
President Joo's aunt forbid us from mentioning Gong Shil's name around him.
If she forbid you from mentioning her... then you can't whisper about it either, okay?
Here, eat this.
You should've stayed at the hospital longer.
Why did you insist on coming home so soon?
I can breathe fine on my own now, and I feel more comfortable at home.
Will be you alright alone?
Why don't you come stay at my place?
I already had the cook prepare all the dishes you like.
Can you bring it to me? I'm starving right now.
Really?
I'll go get it right now.
Then get some rest.
What?
Do you have something to say to me?
What happened to me?
I get the feeling that my aunt is hiding something from me.
Make it simple, and tell me what happened.
There's nothing really specific that I can tell you.
You've been going into your office everyday and all the stores at Kingdom has been performing very well, too.
You just happened to be at auto repair shop with one of your workers by coincidence.
Something important is missing here.
And you know what that is, don't you?
I can tell that your lips are just twitching right now with what you really want to tell me.
So, just spill it out while my aunt isn't here.
My lips aren't twitching.
- What is this here?
- I don't know. Why do you keep asking me?
It's a children's book.
Why are these books doing in my house?
No kidding.
You can't even read.
I really don't know anything, so I have nothing to tell you.
- What's going on with me?
- How would I know?
I really don't know anything.
Why... am I... able to read right now?
President Joo.
Can you really... read what's written in that book?
Did I really get struck down by lightning?
Just what in the world happened to me?
I guess I can wear this now that he won't recognize it when he sees it.
It's a protective seal.
Yeah, this is all I need.
This is enough for me.
Tae Gong Shil... you've got a protective shield around your neck.
What the heck?
Joong Won.
Why did you come in to work?
You should be at home resting.
Aunt, you said that I got stuck in the back with a screwdriver, didn't you?
I think that had some magical effect or something.
I can read now.
I can easily read every single word.
[Kingdom - We will make all your wishes come true.]
I've walked past that sign a thousand times, and now I can finally read it.
But... who's responsible for that PR sign?
It's so tacky. I'm going to have to change that.
That's the vice president's style.
I'm going to change it.
Gong Shil. He's finally able to read now.
The trash can man told me about it.
Isn't it great?
That's a relief.
Okay, you're coming with me.
Chief Secretary Kim. I can read all my files on my own from now on.
I guess it'll cut down your workload by half, I mean by ninety percent.
I had a feeling that you would be able to.
You've been making a lot of effort to change.
- I did?
- Yes.
What's that?
The CEO from the Giant Mall sent you these flowers to congratulate your recovery.
I really... can't wrap my head around this.
When did the CEO of Giant Mall and I... become close enough to send each other flowers?
The two of you even went golfing together recently.
Golfing?
That's just absurd.
Since you're here at the office... let me know your decision on that personal matter which we haven't finalized...
What personal matter?
The police called to say they're presenting you with the 'Courageous Citizen Award'.
To me?
Why?
Is it because of that rumor... about me discovering that dead child's body and getting stabbed in the back?
It's not just because of that.
You also convinced an army runaway to turn himself in before he could hurt anyone.
- An army runaway?
- Yes, you did that.
I'm sure that wasn't me. Something's wrong here.
It wasn't Joo Joong Won, but I bet it was 'Joo Joong Two' and 'Joo Joong Three'.
This is all so ridiculous, it's actually making me laughing.
That joke wasn't funny, was it?
No, it was all Joo Joong Won.
Since you're already here at the office... please finalize your paperwork... on the Child Abuse Center that you've agreed to open up and finance.
Wait.
I... agreed to financially support a child abuse center?
Not adding another annex to Kingdom, nor adding another parking garage?
- But a child abuse center?
- Yes. That's what you said you were going to do.
I'm sure that my aunt must be feeding me some sort of drugs.
I need to ask her what kind of drugs she's been feeding me.
No. I think I need to go in and get another brain scan.
Chief Secretary Kim. Did you not find it strange... when I suddenly started doing things that I've never done before?
Did the sun rise upside down during the time that I can't remember?
I'm not sure.
Maybe you had a very special sun orbiting around you.
President Joo seriously doesn't remember you?
No, he doesn't.
Amazing, isn't it?
At first, I thought that voodoo lady was just a scheme artist... but she really is gifted.
Are you sure you don't need to talk to him?
President Joo's completely recovered now, and he's perfectly fine.
It was unfortunate that he was hurt... but that was just an accident. It wasn't your fault.
Yes, it was an accident.
I know that. But that really woke me up and set me straight.
I've always thought that people that are visible to everyone are much scarier than ghosts whom no one else can see.
I met him after being scared by the things that only I can see.
I was torn between my world and the reality.
I was so happy to be around him because that meant I finally found a space for me to breathe.
I never considered how deeply I had pulled him into my world... when he could see none of what I see.
Although I can see... but I wasn't cautious enough so I put him, who can't see, in a dangerous situation.
I've finally realized that I need to get my head on straight, and live my life.
I think it's true that people always have to lose something to see clearly.
You know that's not what this is.
I know that you really truly liked him.
Those feelings... what are you going to do about them?
It's sealed in here.
Since I'm still holding onto my feelings that I have for him they haven't disappeared.
So, I will be okay.
I should be walking this way... so why did I feel the need to walk that way?
Look at that.
This was just a storage room.
Who are you?
When did this turn into an office?
It's the Special Guest Center.
It's an office that you had set up yourself.
Special Guest Center?
I created something so useless as that?
What about you?
Kang Woo?
You're the new Security Team Leader, right?
The guy that Vice President recruited. You have enough credentials to work security at the Blue House, right?
Yes.
And this is?
She's the employee in charge of this office.
This is her last day here, so she's cleaning out her office.
I see.
Is there anything else that you'd like for us to do? No, I don't.
Did I leave... something there?
Ahh, my back.
Just leave your stuff here.
I'll bring them home to you later.
Actually, why don't I just come with you?
It's okay.
There's not that much for me to take anyways.
What kind of a weak seal is that?
No kidding.
I can't let you to walk out of here when you're about to cry any minute.
I have my Gong Shil.
That Gong Shil you gave me is a huge comfort to me.
I can even read now... so why do I feel so plugged up as if something's still stuck?
Master Joo gave me this picture right before he was injured.
Is this picture the reason why the Chairman met with Master Joo?
Yes.
This picture was taken a year after Cha Hee Joo died.
He asked me to find out if Cha Hee Joo had a twin.
I wonder... what Master Joo was planning to do by finding out about this woman?
He was trying to forget about Cha Hee Joo since he met Ms. Tae.
So why... was he trying to find her twin sister?
There's something that you're not aware of.
The late Cha Hee Joo... was one of the culprits involved in President Joo's kidnapping.
What do you mean by that?
There's a very high chance... that her twin in that picture was her co-conspirator.
Are you alright?
You seem really shocked by this news.
Then...
Master Joo knew all about this, but why did he keep it to himself?
He knew right from the start that Cha Hee Joo was one of the kidnappers.
He figured out from that picture... that she had a twin sister, and that she must've been her co-conspirator.
There's a chance that the girl in that picture could reappear in President Joo's life.
We must find that girl in the picture.
Hee Joo was a kidnapper... and Han Na was her co-conspirator?
No, that can't be.
Han Na was such a bright and kind child.
Congratulations on your acceptance into the university.
Thank you, Uncle.
- Your new parents are happy about it?
- Yes, of course.
- I'm going to Korea soon.
- Korea?
Uncle.
Didn't you tell me that I'm a twin?
I want to go and find my sister.
I've made efforts to find her myself ever since I've been reunited with you.
But I haven't been able to find her.
They say that there's a special connection between twins.
I may be able to find her if I go to Korea myself.
I'm going to find her.
Okay.
My sister is dead.
Why did you leave her all alone instead of searching her? - Han Na.
- I hate you.
The dead girl's name was, Cha Hee Joo.
Cha Hee Joo.
Unlike Han Na, who lived a happy life in England... she lived a very unfortunate, and lonely life on her own.
Remember the name, Cha Hee Joo.
And for the rest of your life... feel sorry for her.
I need to find Han Na.
It's a security alarm that connects directly to the police.
The police will come within a few minutes of you pressing that button.
We need to stay cautious until we catch whoever is after President Joo.
I'll call you frequently, so make sure to answer your phone.
I'll be careful.
I told you that I've got my head on straight now.
I'm going to protect you from now on.
Kang Woo, I really appreciate that offer... but I don't think that I should... hold onto anyone, and attach myself to anyone.
Not holding on is my way of protecting him.
What are you doing here?
I'm not here to see you.
I came to see Tae Gong Shil.
I heard she no longer works for Kingdom?
What do you need to talk to her about?
Just go back if you're here to taunt her about what happened with President Joo.
She's having a hard enough time right now without you adding to it.
President Joo really doesn't remember anything about Gong Shil?
President Joo's aunt asked me not to mention anything about Gong Shil.
I just came to see if that's really true.
So, all that was true?
OH MY GOD!
Seeing how excited you are, I guess I can't let you go in now.
Let go!
When I'm depressed, I need to see others more depressed than me to feel better.
Why do you hate Tae Gong Shil so much?
I've always hated her, but I hate her more now because you like her.
Don't you dare continue to like her.
If you continue to like her...
I'm going to chase her around, hating her and taunting her.
If it upsets you to see me doing that to someone you like then stop liking Tae Gong Shil right now!
You really are a freak.
You really are a black whiskered whale that doesn't exist at all.
What?
Black whiskered whales don't exist?
I looked it up.
There are white whiskered whales but black whiskered ones don't exist.
Really?
I'm pretty sure I saw those whales with the black whiskers on their faces.
I wonder if it was just something in the water?
So you remembered what I said, and you looked it up?
Yeah, I looked it up because I don't understand someone like you.
Why?
Because you want to keep me in your pond?
I already told you that I don't want any part of that.
You don't need to take care of me.
Just open yourself up to me.
I'm such an odd freak, I'll be able to eat and survive on my own
You don't have to feed me, nor take care of me.
I'm just going to grow larger so that you'll never be able to get rid of me.
Do you think... that she views me like I view you?
Why?
Do you find what I'm doing pathetic?
No.
It's cool.
- It's cool?
- Being confident without begging...
- It's very cool.
- Really?
Yeah. Seeing you has given me strength.
Because I was feeling pretty pathetic just about a minute ago.
But I think I need to become as cool as you.
What the heck?
Are you saying that you're going to do that for Tae Gong Shil like what I did for you?
Yeah.
Thanks. You just taught me something.
Hey!
So, all I did was just give him more courage to go to Gong Shil?
Kang Woo can't go to Tae Gong Shil like I do to him.
I'm Dooley.
Something that doesn't exist on this earth.
Dooley?
I'm such an odd freak that even if you ignore me and not take care of me...
I'll survive just fine, and grow big all on my own.
So, that I'll grow big as a dinosaur that you'll never be able to ignore me.
Kang Woo.
Gong Shil.
I can't allow Dooley to fall into Gong Shil's arms.
What should I do?
I told you that I'd introduce her to you, didn't I?
This is Han Na, whom you met at the hospital.
She helped me out a lot that day.
I don't think President Joo likes it when you bring a stranger into his home... I don't think.
Aunt.
I found these books here. Was I reading these books?
They were in your home, so I'm sure they're yours.
You realized that you can read again when you saw those books, right?
Try to remember.
It has something to do with a very special person...
A special person?
Was there a special person in my life?
Those... are my books.
I left it here on that day when I was introduced to your maid.
I forgot and left them here.
Oh! That's right, you did.
Han Na brought those books here.
They're just children's books, but it's still a great story.
The illustrations are great, too. Those books are very special to me.
So, my books was the first thing you read since you regained your consciousness?
That makes me feel pretty good to hear that.
Didn't you say that Han Na was the first person you saw when you regained your consciousness?
You two must be fated to be together.
I'm even reading these days. It's a six book series and my brain feels like it's going to split when I tried to read those books.
So, he can read those books now.
I'm happy for him.
[Tae Yi Ryung]
Tae Yi Ryung?
Hi, Yi Ryung.
Hi, I have something important to tell you in person.
You know that restaurant where we all met up at the last time?
Yeah. Meet me there, okay?
Those two were all googly eyed towards each other at that restaurant.
I'm sure he'll remember something if he was to see her there again.
I really can't stand the thought of Gong Shil with a catch like President Joo either.
What's so important that you feel the need to call me out in the middle of the night?
You have a top secret information about Giant Mall?
Wait right there, I'll be there soon.
Tae Yi Ryung. Tae? Tae.
There's a 'Tae' something.
Are you okay?
Please don't misunderstand what just happened. I just grabbed you because I didn't want you to fall.
I was standing behind you because of that book.
I happened to notice it because I'm reading the same book.
But... I don't know if it's really appropriate for me to be saying this... but did you feel that electric shock when we just touched?
A real strong shock.
No, I didn't.
Did she think that I was coming onto her?
Even though your memories are gone... you're still my protective shield.
I know I felt something when I touched her.
What could it be?
It feels like... something like that must've happened before.
Master Joo.
A personal matter of mine came up.
I would like to take a few days off.
Chief Secretary Kim is asking me for some time off... that's the first time in 15 years you've made that request.
Now that you can read on your own, you don't need me around as much.
You don't need a recorder, or an interpreter anymore.
You're not just a recorder, nor just an interpreter to me.
Do you remember what you requested of me in the beginning?
You asked me to just be your recorder and interpreter.
You're still holding a grudge against what a nineteen year old said?
I always have a need to have you remain by my side.
While I'm gone... Deputy Ahn from Vice President's office is going to take over for me.
Okay. Enjoy your time off.
- Where will you be going?
- I'm going to England.
I'm going to find my niece, whom I haven't seen in a while.
Master Joo.
There's something that I must talk to you about when I return.
You're not trying to seize this moment to abandon me, and escape, are you?
I've already told you, there's no way that I can allow that.
Yes, I know.
Enjoy a relaxing time off.
Keep your head up, Gong Shil.
Han Joo said he's going to refer you to a place that's much better than Kingdom.
If we're to be honest here... Tae Gong Shil isn't someone who should be left to rot away in that dungeon.
- That's right.
- You have a great education, too. You went to Hankkuk University, right?
You're athletic and good at tennis, with a talent for art and other skills.
You can even speak a foreign language. French, right?
You're pretty and nice... too many qualities to list all at once.
- Anyways, you have amazing qualifications.
- Thank you. But how is it that you know so much about me?
No kidding.
I don't remember telling you about all that.
The blabbermouth who's works for the vice president told everyone.
- Blabbermouth?
- Someone you don't know. There's a jerk that's going around spreading rumors about you.
Han Joo's going to find out who it is. Once he knows, I'm going to destroy that loudmouth.
Yes, destroy.
How about you give me a copy of your resume?
I'm going to take a quick look, okay?
In this area where you checked off having some sort of a medical history...
Can you write down some more detail? I heard that you were in some sort of an accident?
Can you write down more details about some of the side effects from that accident, and how your life has been affected?
If that place is going to be that picky, then just forget it.
Yes, I think she's right. Since I can't write down a bunch of lies, I think it'll be better to not apply.
Thank you for your concern though.
- I'll see you later. - Bye.
It doesn't have to be detailed, just a brief description will do.
To be honest, ever since the accident...
Gong Shil experience things that we can't really talk about.
If she gets into trouble at a picky place like that it may put you in a difficult spot for recommending her.
But I'll take you out for chicken entrails for all your troubles.
I need to have that resume if I'm to get the vice president to reimburse me for my expenses.
This is a big problem.
I'm sorry, please excuse me.
That's a very pretty necklace.
Your nephew's girlfriend is not Tae Yi Ryung, so it's Tae Gong Shil?
Tae Gong Shil.
The Sun.
- Is it in the shape of a sun?
- Yes. Thank you.
Cha Hee Joo.
I'm positive that it was Cha Hee Joo.
That woman...
Just what did she see that made her call out Hee Joo's name?
Do you remember Han Na, whom you recently met?
- I'm still hurting there.
- Oops, sorry.
I looked into her some more, and she's a very famous curator.
I told her to come to the office to meet with us... there's a chance that we may have an exhibit from a well known artist this fall.
Didn't you tell me that she's from England?
She is originally from England... but she's lived all over the place such as L.A., New York, and China.
I heard that she's moved around quite a bit in her life.
But her family is extremely wealthy, and she's quite smart too.
Ms. Han Na is here.
Come on in.
Ms. Han Na.
What is it?
No, it's nothing. Please have a seat.
Are you saying that Cha Hee Joo is still hovering around President Joo?
Yes, I'm positive that I saw her.
I heard that President Joo is back to investigating Cha Hee Joo's incident.
Do you know what's going on with that at all?
Tae Gong Shil.
Does it bothers you a lot when it comes to things related to President Joo?
It's because I can see Hee Joo.
I want to do whatever I can to help him resolve this issue.
We have a lead on who Hee Joo's co-conspirator.
It's possible that we may still be able to catch the culprit.
- Really?
- Once we catch the culprit... everything should be resolved.
President Joo doesn't remember a thing about you.
Which means, he doesn't even know that you can see ghosts.
Even if you continue to see Hee Joo around...
I doubt you'll be able to pass along any messages to him.
He's not going to believe anything that you'll say to him.
I guess you're right.
It's been fifteen years.
I didn't think that you'd ever come to England again.
I came because there's someone that I must find.
Do you... remember my niece?
Han Na.
Han Na Brown.
My father is English, and my mother is Korean.
The truth is...
I was adopted.
I was adopted, but I've heard about my birth parents... and why I got adopted instead being raised by my own birth parents.
I discovered my uncle when I was still a child.
I see.
He told me that my parents were struggling artists.
They passed away in a car accident... so I was given up for adoption because I had no family who could take me in.
I was able to find Han Na, who was adopted by her parents in England.
But I was never able to find her twin sister.
Han Na grew up in a very happy home, and had everything she ever wanted.
But Hee Joo, who remained in Korea never had any of those opportunities.
I thought she was just a lonely child who grew up alone and suffered a terrible and painful death.
Han Na and Hee Joo...
I have absolutely no idea what happened when those two girls met.
It's these two kids.
They said they were told to give your business card and take whatever toy they wanted.
These are my business cards.
I was told that I'm planning to finance the child abuse center.
Are you the kids from that organization?
You came to our apartment and gave us those cards yourself.
You said that we can just give those cards and get whatever we wanted from Kingdom.
I'm not the type of person who'd leave my business cards with kids like you two.
Let them just take the toys that they already got.
But... make sure that you tell them the rules and send them away.
You had us read for you, and told us that you're a special person to her.
Special person?
You told us that you're a special person to Gong Shil.
I'm... someone's special person?
To Gong Shil. Tae Gong Shil, who lives at our apartment.
You said she's your sun!
Tae Gong Shil... at your apartment?
Who's there?
Cha Hee Joo.
You're in love with Joong Won, aren't you?
If you want to help Joong Won...
you have to lend me your body.
Team Leader Kang.
That's the woman President Joo's aunt is trying to get him to marry.
But I have a very strange feeling about this one.
I heard that she lives in the same villa that President Joo lives.
- They live at the same place?
- Yes. She must be very rich to live in such a grand place all by herself.
I heard that she comes from England.
Why don't we have dinner together? I'll have Joong Won come meet us.
Shall we?
I think that the way my nephew looks at you... is different from the way he looks at other girls.
How do you feel about him?
I'm interested in him as well.
Then may I be direct and ask you about something that's been concerning me?
That woman, Tae Gong Shil... what was her relationship with Joo Joong Won?
The truth is, she was pretty close with Joong Won.
She talked about helping him heal a scar that some dead girl left and she attached herself to Joong Won's side.
Hee Joo, I assume?
- Did Tae Gong Shil know the late Hee Joo?
- There's no way that she could.
She said some nonsense about calling Hee Joo's ghost to heal his scars or something.
She's a woman who goes around talking about absolute nonsense.
Yes, I see.
Calling forth a dead person's ghost?
That really is all nonsense.
Shall we go?
Are you... asking me to give you my body right now?
Can't I just relay the message to him for you?
Then... will you be able to catch the culprit?
'One stormy night'...
Who are you?
Are you... my sun?
Episode 14.
Are you... my sun?
How did you know to come here when you don't even remember who I am?
I don't know who you are.
I just get the feeling that you were someone very important to me.
Who are you to me?
You seem to have come here with a high expectation for something.
But don't think too much of it, and take this for what it is.
I'm just a penniless woman.
And you are the great president of the company that I used work at.
So, what could I possibly be to you?
I heard that you went around telling everyone that I was a special person to you?
How, and in what way am I special to you?
I hitched a ride in your car one night.
Then I found out that you were the president of Kingdom.
I knew that I have to get my hands on you. So, I got a job there and chased you around.
I told you that I was sad and lonely, so you took pity on me and started seeing me.
You helped me when I needed help, and you gave me a job. You even held a special event for me at your hotel.
That's how you became a special person to me.
You're telling me that I kept someone like you around me?
There's no way I would've done that.
By any chance, is this building yours?
You once told me you'd buy me a house, and a car because you didn't want to see me living in a place like this.
I said that?
I find your jokes to be very offensive.
This will imply that you're a candy girl living in this dump and I'm just a pushover that you took advantage of. I've been spending all my time with a woman who apparently isn't even that exciting? Me?
I can't see how you can stir up any inkling of desire from me whatsoever.
But I did.
I hadn't planned on going away so easily after all my work hard.
But you got hurt while you were with me. I felt bad about what happened... so I've decided to just walk away from you.
I'll consider the money you deposited into my bank account as a payoff.
I'll just keep it for myself.
Thanks for everything.
Goodbye.
Is that really everything?
Fine, if we were that physically intimate, then let me hold you again.
Then I may get my answer as to what it is that you meant to me.
Don't touch me. I told you that it's over.
In this situation, I'm the one who gets to decide when it's over, not you. What?
You came after me, so I kept you around?
It won't take me long to see how much you were worth to me when I look into my bank account.
But... I know that this isn't everything.
Many things have changed during the time that I can't remember.
I feel flustered... but I don't dislike it.
Could it be that... you're the cause of all that change?
I feel like I've lost something enormously important to me.
Is what I've lost... in your possession?
You did leave something here.
Wait out here. I'll go and give it back to you.
I'll leave my beer here.
See? Now there's plenty of room.
Take it with you.
This is all you left here during our time together.
You asked me to be the kind of woman whom you can easily leave.
That's exactly what I'm doing, so please go away now.
Did I... drink things like this here? Is that how we spent our time with you?
Okay. If this is all it was, then I don't need to hear anymore.
Thanks.
For going away so easily...
and for returning what's mine back to me.
Don't ever come here again.
Tae Gong Shil.
She said her name is Tae Gong Shil.
You know her, don't you?
Do you... remembered who she is?
My memories are gone... and Chief Secretary Kim is on personal leave and has gone off radar.
So, I need you to report to me what memories I'm still missing since you're always watching me like a hawk.
Was I, open and blatant about my relationship with that woman?
The rumors of the relationship between you two were all over the place and everyone was talking about you two. So, I'll just relay the stories that I've heard from others.
But you were pretty far gone.
Continue.
In the beginning, I think you were only thinking of her on a casual term.
We've only agreed to a meaningless physical relationship.
A sense of desire unlike that of anyone else.
That's what I fell for?
You're not the type to usually care about what others think.
You remained true to your form, and took her around with you everywhere.
- You're lying, aren't you?
- No, I'm serious.
What else?
There was even a talk of marriage with the heiress from Sejin Group... but you told everyone that you couldn't break up with her.
I'm not going to let her go.
Since I can't abstain myself from seeing her I'm going to use the engagement as a way of putting some distance between us and then I'm going to continue to see her.
From what I've seen for myself, that Bang Shil isn't your average girl.
When she saw the vase that you received as your engagement gift she looked at your aunt straight in the eyes, and told her that she was going to break it.
We received that as an engagement gift for Joong Won's upcoming marriage.
You're arrogant and rude.
I thought I told you that the vase must be broken?
Are you saying you'll do whatever you can to break up Joong Won's engagement? It's too dangerous for him.
So, I'm going to do whatever I can to break it.
You need to be very careful.
That woman boasted her intention to us, and you broke that vase yourself... and you ultimately broke off the engagement.
It seem like I've played a very dangerous game with her.
Anyways, you fell totally head over heels for her.
So, are you going to start over again with her?
Your belly.
I've heard enough, you may go now.
Okay.
Since I just simply relayed the things I've heard objectively over to you... you can figure out the subjective interpretation however you want.
If it was memories of me toying with her when I wasn't being myself... then it's a good thing...
that it's gone.
In time like this, it would be so nice if I could have a drink myself.
Do you know what upsets me the most about my ability?
Because I'm too afraid, I can't even drink a sip of alcohol.
President Joo acted as your defense shield, right?
It sounds like you could've done anything you wanted as long as you were with him.
Are you sure that you'll be alright without him?
It is a little disappointing.
It would've been so nice if I could've... held his hand and had a beer while I was still with him.
I'm worried about you.
You lived your life in hiding out of fear until you met President Joo.
I'm worried that you'll go back to living your life that way.
I... saw the scariest spirit I've ever seen in my life at the hospital that day.
I've never been more afraid of anything in my life.
I'm never going to use him as a shield and drag him into my world ever again.
Compared to what I saw that day, none of those other ghosts even scares me.
I can handle it.
President Joo lost his memories... but you're alone with all your feelings and pain... that really upsets me.
I told you that I've kept my heart locked up in a seal.
It's only right that I have to deal with all this myself.
When I got stabbed on my back...
I wonder if the stab went all the way through to here?
Something feels empty.
I feel like I gave it to that woman but she said that I threw something away during the time that I spent with her.
Don't ever... go back there to retrieve it.
Don't worry about me.
I'm never going back to live in hiding like I used to.
I'm thinking about going back to school next year.
- Seriously?
- Yes.
I'm comfortable enough now to even ask a ghost for an answer to a test.
I guess you won't have any problems climbing to the top of your class.
I was always at the top of my class.
- Are you bragging right now?
- Yes.
I won every single award out there... and I really was a pretty amazing person to be reckoned with.
Then... don't ever give up, and become someone truly amazing.
When you do, I'll become your bodyguard.
I, myself, am quite amazing in my abilities to protect someone.
Ah, that's right.
Your abilities to guard is at the Blue House level, right?
If I'm to ask you to be my bodyguard...
I guess I'll need to become the president of this nation or something.
I'll protect you even if you're just a local minor chairman.
Let's cheers to that.
Let's both become amazing people.
Hey. You have your coffee right here.
Why are you asking me for my soda?
There's a kid who always comes around and asks me to get him coffee.
Kang Woo... does it frighten you to know that there's a ghost sitting here?
No, not at all.
I've gotten much braver now.
I need to make some changes so that I will be able to protect you.
Cheers... to you too.
Cheers.
Studying came so easily to 'Big Sun'.
I'm sure I'll be able to pick up right where I left off.
If you truly care about Joong Won...
then lend me your body.
But she hasn't come back to ask me again.
It seems as though he's regained his consciousness... and is doing rather quite well.
Yes.
I really appreciate the help you gave me.
And what of his memories?
His memories are sealed in there.
But, I see that you haven't return it to him.
That would make you meaningless to him.
I purposely didn't given it back to him because that's what I wanted.
Well, that's up to you to decide.
You haven't forgotten our deal, have you?
What is it that I need to do?
First...
I think it would be better for you to let go of trying to live an ordinary life.
I need you to... gather the spirits of dead young women for me.
I'm a marriage matchmaker for the dead.
I'm lacking the young women I need to offer up as mates to my clients these days.
Go to the places where spirits wander... and bring back some useful and potential brides.
Excuse me.
By any chance... is there anyone here who's never been married?
Anyone who'd like to come with me? Are there any... young unmarried women here?
By any chance... are you single?
I'm sorry.
Miss!
If you never got the chance to get married before you passed away... would you be interested in getting married?
For the rest of your life, as long as I need you... you're going to gather up the spirits that I need.
That's the deal you made with me in order to save that man's life.
Want to come with me?
I don't want to go to America to shoot a movie.
Do you know what a great opportunity this is?
It's with the famed movie director, Peter Jason!
I can't act.
Can't that director tell just by looking at me?
This role just requires a pretty face with a nice body.
This role can make you internationally famous like all those Bond girls.
Let's tell him that you'll take the role.
Are you trying to get me away from Kingdom?
Nice try.
- Let's just go there for a year.
- I'll think about it.
That's Tae Gong Shil.
Who's that witch looking woman sitting next to her?
It looks like she's introducing Gong Shil to the elders sitting in front of them.
A potential bride who may be very suitable for your son... has been found by this woman sitting next to me.
Yes.
Do you think that she'd help my Seung Won...
feel less lonely in his afterlife?
Yes.
Kang Woo.
I may have to move to America to film a movie.
Really?
I've seen the movie that you were in... and you sucked at acting.
But I have the body and the looks.
You saw my movie?
- I thought you said you never saw it.
- It was showing on TV. Ah.
That movie was a melodrama.
My acting was bad because that role required crying which is totally unsuitable for me.
I hate crying.
I agree. Crying really doesn't suit you.
Seeing you cry put me in a really bad mood.
Is that the only way you can express it? That it put you in a bad mood? What a crass way of putting it.
Anyways, take some acting classes and become an amazing international actress.
You're already cool, so I'm sure you'll do well.
Want to be a personal bodyguard... for an international star?
That really would be an honor. But...
I must turn down your offer, Ms. Tae Yi Ryung.
If Tae Gong Shil goes to someone else instead of coming to you... then you'd be in the same dog crap of a situation that I'm in.
Dog-like manners!
I saw a woman who was totally clad head to toe in black.
She introduced Tae Gong Shil to a really rich looking older couple.
I heard them asking her to take good care of their son.
- A lady clad in black?
- Yeah.
I'm not lying. Go ask Tae Gong Shil yourself.
Ask her why was she with that lady in black.
I wonder if it's the same woman.
Tae Gong Shil, are you heading out somewhere in this rain?
Yes, I have somewhere that I need to go.
How are your studies coming along?
Are you by any chance spending time with that creepy looking Madame Go?
You told me that you were going to go see that woman the other day when President Joo was in the hospital.
Have you been seeing her since then?
Yes, she's asked me to help her with something.
But, you don't need to worry. If anything, she understands my situation very well.
I'd better get going.
I think it would be better for you to let go of trying to live an ordinary life.
Forever.
My Kingdom.
What you saw before won't happen again.
- I think this point...
- To be more precise...
I need the information on the architect who designed the interior of the Shanghai branch.
Chief Secretary Kim hasn't given me any files or information on the architect yet.
But I'll go find it before the meeting this afternoon.
I'm sure Chief Secretary Kim must've left a recording of it somewhere.
Contract on the subsidiary branch in Shanghai.
The price... has been negotiated.
Kingdom.
I will be doing the recording today in place of Chief Secretary Kim who's out of the office with a cold.
I'll adhere to your preference and record this in 'Mi' tone.
Do, Re, Mi... Mi.
What I'm about to read now is a report on the market survey of Shanghai.
Wow... it looks like you're going to make a lot of money.
This must make you very happy.
This is where she supposedly worked.
But I still don't remember... anything.
It's completely... empty.
I'm getting married next week.
But... the woman that I was supposed to marry in the past kept appearing in my dreams.
She's telling me... that she'll be with you forever just like the promise you two made to each other.
I didn't really mean it when I said it. But is she serious?
I'll try and see if I can talk her into leaving you alone.
Since this man is still living, can you just...
Wouldn't it be better if I introduced you to someone who's younger and already dead?
This man says he's getting married next week.
It won't help you to follow him around like that.
My nephew should be here soon.
Will you be okay with him dining with us?
Have you told him that I'm here with you?
Whenever I ask him to join me for a meal, he never gives me any grief.
He always comes to join me no matter who may be with me.
Didn't I already tell you how much I like you?
- Isn't that Tae Gong Shil?
- Bang Shil is with Madame Go again.
Is she a friend of yours?
No, not at all.
She's known as the 'Ghost wedding planner'. She's a spirit matchmaker.
A spirit matchmaker?
Hold on a moment.
Didn't you choose that girl once in the past to run an errand for you?
By any chance... does she have anything to do with ghosts, too?
Is that why she was rambling on about calling on the spirit of a dead girl?
So, you're telling me to believe what you're saying?
Her hair is longer than mine with bangs, and a bright personality, right?
Yes, you're right.
- Wow!
- Yes, she is here right now.
- And you live in Sungsoodong, right?
- Yes, Sungsoodong.
Are you sure that I'm being haunted by a ghost?
She says she's very sad and lonely.
If she ever comes to you at night, you need to sincerely comfort her.
Is my candy girl... sad and lonely too?
It hasn't been that long since you left me. So how could you be lonely already?
I'm working right now.
Don't put your hands on me.
Have you ever met with this lady yourself?
Yes, he was in the same situation that you're in right now.
Will I really...
be able to get rid of her?
It's just that I'm really afraid she'll continue to stick around.
But since you've experienced it yourself, how did you get rid of her?
I don't know if I should be telling you this.
But I... almost died.
I was only able to get rid of her after I was stabbed in the back with a huge screwdriver.
Unless you want to die... hurry up and just get lost.
Get lost.
Excuse me, I think you misunderstood what he said.
Don't pay attention to anything he just said.
It bothers me and it upsets me.
Even if you feel sad and lonely, you should just endure it.
I checked and saw that I put plenty of money into your bank account.
I invited her to dine with us.
You're okay with that, right?
I don't have any memories of you...
but have we met somewhere before?
It's possible that you've seen me before since we live in the same building.
But from the first moment I saw you... you look very familiar to me as if we've known each other in the past.
This is the most recent picture I have of Han Na.
This is Han Na?
This isn't the way I remember how Han Na looked.
Han Na had plastic surgery.
- Plastic surgery?
- Yes.
Han Na told me that she hated her face.
You told me that Han Na was in Korea, right?
I must find her and meet with her.
I'll see if I can get Han Na's phone number for you.
No, it's okay.
I think I know where she is.
Han Na. The rumor about our Joong Won being haunted by a ghost...
It rankled you, didn't it?
That's why I asked Madame Go for a favor earlier.
What kind of a favor?
I asked her to summon someone for me.
She says there's a young lady who can see ghosts.
- Sees what?
- Ghosts. It should be interesting.
But... where are we going now?
I'm scared of having to go to all those cemeteries every night and I need to get some sleep, too.
I haven't been able to sleep at all lately.
Just take a look at my face. I have to get some sleep during the day.
This time, it's for a very special person.
That's what you always say.
Here she comes now.
Joong Won. That young lady says that she can see ghosts.
Ms. Tae Gong Shil. You used to work in Kingdom's Special Customer Care Center, right?
I had no idea that you had such an interesting skill as that.
Joong Won.
Even though I'm sure you may not remember she said that she stuck around... because she could see the ghost that was haunting you.
Ms. Tae Gong Shil?
You can see ghosts?
Are there any in here right now?
Yes, I see her.
I always see her.
She's standing right next to President Joo.
Cha Hee Joo.
Stop showing yourself in front of me anymore.
I don't want to see you anymore.
Just tell me right now.
Who's the culprit that caused your death?
I'll relay your message to him.
If you're not going to tell me right now, please don't show yourself to me anymore.
- That's enough.
- I'm working right now.
Don't lay your hand on me.
Joong Won!
I now see...
why that man is special to her.
You can see ghosts?
Yes, I see ghosts.
Candy girl was kind of cute...
but this is scary, isn't it?
You even set me up in an office.
The special customer care center.
All those special guests... they were all ghosts.
You're telling me that I hired you because of your ability to see ghosts?
At one point, I was a ten billion won radar to you. I was hired to find your lost money.
But you started paying me on a per case basis.
That's why you filled up my bank account with all that money.
All those things that I can't seem to remember... were all ghost related?
Is that what you're telling me?
It would've been better if you hadn't found out.
- It's scary now that you know isn't it?
- Things like that doesn't scare me.
It's the people who are visible to me that I find frightening.
Yes, you're right. What you said is true.
You got hurt while you were with me.
The pay was really substantial... and we were really compatible in our personalities.
So, I was just going to ignore it and stick it out for as long as I could. I quit because I felt bad about how you got hurt because of me.
Is that why you quit working for me, and got a job with that Madame Go?
What does it matter to you?
I don't wish to see you again.
Please don't acknowledge me anymore.
Don't touch me. I don't like it.
A ten billion won... radar?
Hi, my ten billion won radar.
Your shield is here. Hide.
I can't ask him to be my defensive shield anymore.
If that woman wasn't lying... then are you... really are here as a ghost?
By any chance... are you with me right now?
If you are really here with me now...
I apologize to you.
I'm sorry for what happened.
Sis.
You're telling me that I was trying to find Hee Joo's killer?
Yes.
Cha Hee Joo had a twin sister.
And you were contemplating the possibility of that woman being her co-conspirator.
You said that I was using Tae Gong Shil to get to Hee Joo's ghost, right?
The necklace that disappeared back then was worth ten billion won.
Is that why she was my ten billion won radar?
Yes, that's what you said in the past.
Are you starting to remember anything?
No, I can't remember anything.
But, I guess she still pulled her weight.
Since I no longer hate Hee Joo, and I can even read now.
Since all your memories of her are now gone... is she really no longer necessary to you?
It would be nice if you no longer remained necessary to Tae Gong Shil either.
Why do I feel... so bitter about what he just said?
The bastard who stabbed me in the back...
he's dead if I ever get my hands on him.
That woman mentioned that she was an employee at Kingdom.
You think it's all over once a person is dead, don't you?
But he's here looking at you right now.
Excuse me.
The shopping mall is over that way.
Okay.
Excuse me a moment.
I've already called the police. They should be here at any minute.
I need to see that woman.
Ever since what that woman told me...
I've felt like I've lost my mind.
You.
Did you come here to kill Ms. Tae Gong Shil?
I... just need to see that woman!
She... she told me that the dead kid was watching me.
I don't think I'll be able to do anything ever again after what she said.
That sounds like a fitting punishment for the sin you've committed.
Are you the one who stabbed me in the back with a screwdriver?
I... I wasn't aiming for you.
You got stabbed because you jumped in to protect that woman.
I got stabbed in her place?
Yes, that's right.
You jumped in front of her out of nowhere, and you took me by surprise.
I really wasn't trying to stab you on purpose.
What's going on here?
You said that I followed Tae Gong Shil to that place, didn't you?
Then you're telling me that...
I was willing to die for that woman?
And that's why I jumped in?
- Well, the thing is...
- Yes, that's right.
You almost died in your attempt to save Tae Gong Shil's life.
This is driving me crazy.
This was an office for ghosts?
Just how much... did I lose...
my mind over for that woman?
Didn't she say that there is something here?
Do you guys know something?
Is she... really not necessary to me?
Bitter.
So bitter.
Even ghosts have their preferences.
When we match them up with other ghosts that they don't really like they come to see me at night and torment me nonstop.
Anyways... do you think there's a way of finding out how it is that I started seeing ghosts?
Didn't you tell me that you were in a coma for three years?
If your spirit had wandered around for those three years... then that may be why you are able to see ghosts.
Wandered around?
Wander around where?
How would I know that?
Did Tae Gong Shil have her accident up in a mountain somewhere?
We couldn't find her for ten days up in that mountain.
And when we finally did find her... it took her three long years before she woke up from her coma.
Was she brain dead?
She never would've woken up if she had been brain dead.
She was perfectly fine... but she just wouldn't wake up.
Here, drink this.
Are you causing trouble because Gong Shil hasn't been around to get you your coffee?
We can't allow her to continue to go around doing what she's doing.
Stay close and keep an eye on her.
So is it completely over... with that man?
I wonder if it's time for me to go see Gong Shil.
Do you think that she'd recognize me?
- Tae Gong Shil.
- Kang Woo.
You look exhausted. Are you okay?
It's really difficult trying to become someone amazing.
I heard that you caught the culprit.
I got a call from the police.
They said that he was caught at the Kingdom office.
Really?
That's great.
I don't know who caught the guy, but that's great work.
Right?
I'm so grateful.
Why don't you try calling out my name when you become really afraid?
Who knows?
Maybe I'll appear out of thin air like a ghost.
I really appreciate your sentiment.
Goodnight.
Just once, when you're afraid... try calling out for me.
Oh my goodness. Joong Won loves this wine.
Joong Won. I heard that you told the president of the Palace Hotel that you'd bring your girlfriend to their anniversary party? I don't remember that.
I guess you're going to need a date.
Why don't you go as his date, Han Na? Will that be okay with you?
I'd love to.
Excuse me for a moment.
I haven't told you because your aunt told me not to say anything.
But Tae Gong Shil came to see you every day that you were in the hospital.
She cried every time she came.
You told me that my heart stopped during my surgery, right?
That's what the doctors told us. You died and came back to life.
Died... and came back to life.
Of course, I'm sure that the woman over there would be better suited to your lifestyle.
But, the woman that you almost gave up your life for... is that ghost whispering Tae Gong Shil, who lives in that rundown apartment.
I can't remember.
Han Na says she's available, so she'll be your date for the event.
Okay. Chief Secretary Kim, are you here?
Where could he be?
[Chief Secretary Kim]
[I need your help with something, can you please meet me at the office? ]
What should I do?
I wonder if I should wait for him.
Are you in there?
- What is this?
- Did you think that I was a ghost?
Where's Chief Secretary Kim?
You won't take my calls, and you were not at home either. So, I sent you that text.
I can send text messages now.
Why did you call me out here?
I've figured out something, but I need you to verify it for me.
Follow me.
Sit.
I thought about everything very carefully.
By some undetectable attraction, I was seduced by a penniless woman... whom I don't even find to be desirable.
I got stabbed in the back in my attempt to save you.
And I almost lost my life in the process.
Right?
Yes, that's right.
What I'm curious to know is what I was feeling at that very final moment.
You know, don't you?
How would I know that?
You were there the whole time that I was in surgery.
I was told that my heart stopped at one point during my surgery.
Which means, I had died. When one dies, that person becomes a ghost, and you're able to see ghosts.
You. You saw me, didn't you?
I almost died for you... so don't you think that means that I came to see you?
Yes, you came to see me.
I'm sure that a person becomes most truthful at their final moment because there are no repercussions.
So whatever it is that I said, I'm sure it was my utmost honesty.
What is it that I said to you?
What you heard must've frightened you, and that's why you're avoiding me, right?
Yes.
- You told me something truly frightening.
- Something frightening?
Did I blame you for having met you, and being the cause of my death?
Did I ask you to come with me because I didn't want to die alone?
If that's what happened... I really wanted to remember.
Because I can handle that much.
Then... I guess what I imagined to be the worst scenario really must've happened.
Tae Gong Shil.
I love you.
If I had felt that deeply about you... shouldn't I remember at least one moment when I felt crazy in love with you?
So, why can't I remember a damn thing?
Your memories are never going to come back.
It's been safely sealed away.
So, you don't need to worry.
Are you sure... that you're really okay without it?
Yes, I'm okay without it.
Okay, fine. I was just trying to find it again because I thought that I had lost it but I'm not going to do that anymore.
I'm never going to call you, or come around you ever again.
That's what I want.
I'm not going to acknowledge you even if I see you and won't ever grab onto you either.
I'll do the same. I'll be leaving now.
Leave.
Turn around and look at me if you're not okay without me.
Then, I'll try one more time to find my memories again.
Damn it.
Ugh, it's bitter.
Okay.
It's all over now.
I need more detailed information on Han Na Brown, who's in charge of this exhibit.
I need it for the sake of the exhibit's security.
There's a pamphlet for the exhibit that Han Na Brown created.
I'll go get that for you.
It's the same handwriting.
It's a completely different face... but the handwriting is the same.
How is that possible?
Chief Secretary Kim.
You're back.
A woman who may be Cha Hee Joo's twin sister has appeared.
Is it Han Na Brown?
How did you know?
Cha Hee Joo and Han Na Brown... are my twin nieces.
That's the reason why I've remained... at Master Joo's side all these years.
Mr. Joo Joong Won.
You look like you're being forced to be here with me at your aunt's insistence.
It doesn't matter.
That man is now a married man.
It's time for you to leave now.
You're nothing but a thing of the past to that man now.
You can't be his future like his bride standing there next to him.
Because you're dead.
She's gone now.
Is it okay if I go home now?
Instead of searching for his memories...
he's found another future by his side.
Mr. Joo Joong Won.
Don't come to me anymore.
Just go away.
- You came.
- Hello.
Hi.
You're looking beautiful as always.
What a nice thing to say.
Why don't you join us in a drink?
I saw Tae Gong Shil out in the lobby.
She was with that woman, Madame Go.
That has nothing to do with me.
- Really? Okay.
- What else?
Your aunt told me something.
She said that Tae Gong Shil signed some weird contract with Madame Go and is bound to her for the rest of her life.
I guess Tae Gong Shil left this world and has become someone of the other world.
I can't lend you my body. I have a life of my own to live.
What is this contract that Tae Gong Shil signed that binds her to you?
Seeing how you're interested in finding out, you must be wanting your memories back.
No, that's not it.
I don't want to get my memories back.
Just tell me what the contract is.
Is it something that can be bought out with money?
How much would it take?
But...
If I want to get my memories back, will I be able to get them back?
Yes, you can get them back.
Shall I tell you how?
No, I don't want to know.
It's very simple.
You just need to remember what it is that disappeared the moment you awoke.
I said, I don't want to know.
We've concluded that we can live without it.
Death, the end of everything, and it having meant nothing... things that I never should've said was thrown out there for her.
I don't want to retrieve back those words just to try to manage those feelings, and have it complicate everything again.
All those words that you threw out... that woman took them all and is trying to manage it all on her own.
I know.
That's why it keeps bothering me.
I understand.
Your sun will continue to be miserable.
And you can remain happy in your oblivious state.
Just tell me how much that contract is worth.
That woman... gave all of herself.
Why don't you calculate how much she is worth... and then we can negotiate.
Joong Won.
Are you in pain?
Yes, I'm in pain.
It's not just a slight pain, but it actually... hurts tremendously.
Are you okay?
It drew my attention from the beginning.
I kept glancing at it... but I wonder now if I had just wanted to ignore what I was seeing.
Are you in a great deal of pain?
I need to go and get back what I lost.
Mr. Joo Joong Won.
When you said you kept seeing something... you weren't referring to me?
It looks the same...
but it's not the real thing.
Things really are over between him and I.
Watch me.
I'm going to throw this away.
So, don't come to me anymore.
Did you really think that you'd be okay without your defensive shield?
- Did you get your memories back?
- That's right.
I really didn't want to get it back, but I got it back.
Why have you come to see me when you don't want it back?
Do you think that I'm here because I want to?
I could've been happy living in my world separate from yours without my memories.
Yes, that's right.
I was happy without you, too.
I was much happier without you in my world.
I was starting to feel like living again. So, why did you come back?
Don't lie to me.
There's no way you could've felt like living.
Tae Gong Shil.
You can't ever feel like you can live without me.
Without me... you're supposed to feel like you're dying.
Subtitles by DramaFever
Subtitles by DramaFever I'm...
leaving.
I only want to remain as a brilliant sun only for those ghosts.
When I'm by your side...
I feel like I become a sun of misfortune who only invites death to those around me.
That makes me really fear and hate myself.
So, it's not just that you're slightly disappointed when I'm not around... but I make you fear and hate yourself?
I don't want to remain by your side only to become that kind of a sun.
Just... tell me to get lost now.
The only reason why I was able to... tell you to get lost all this time without any fear... was because I knew... without a doubt in my mind... that you'd rise again by my side.
I'll give it a try... and do as you wish me to do.
Get lost... my sun.
Master Joo. I heard that Ms. Tae is leaving for somewhere very far away.
Weren't you here with Ms. Tae?
Where is she?
Episode 16.
Make sure to call me often, okay?
You're not going to stay away for too long, right?
I don't think I'll know how long I'll be until I actually get there.
Is he the one that's going with you?
That man...
he's the one from your accident, right?
That's why you shouldn't worry.
I'll be back, okay?
Okay.
Bye.
- Take care, Gong Ri. - Okay.
I'll call you.
She left you?
I thought Tae Gong Shil would be fine as long as I handled everything.
But... she told me that she's afraid, and it's too much for her.
When I thought about it...
I never once tried to understand, nor took it into consideration... the situation that she may be in.
Then... are you saying that you're being considerate, and understanding of Ms. Tae's situation and that's why you're letting her go?
Do I look crazy to you?
To let Tae Gong Shil leave me like this?
Why would I do something that I've never done in 34 years of my life in such a pivotal moment like this?
I don't understand nor want to be considerate of her wanting to leave me.
Please answer your phone.
Did you end things... with that man?
How could I have ended it?
I just... forced myself to walk away from him.
I wish the plane would just take off already.
It should get better once I put some distance between us, right?
I told Kang Woo that I was leaving today, but he hasn't even called.
His crappy dog manners.
Tae Gong Shil left on a flight headed for L.A.
Get me a seat on the next flight out.
I'm going to follow her. Yes, I'll get you a seat on the flight as soon as I get your passport from the office.
- Joong Won is going to America?
- Yes. Deputy Ahn received a phone call from Chief Secretary Kim. She just left for the airport with President Joo's passport.
Why is he going to America all of a sudden?
What could this be about?
I'm not sure.
No, it's nothing.
Once you go and pass the audition, instead of returning to Korea... let's just stay there and hone your acting skills.
I need to use the bathroom.
- Tae Gong Shil.
- Yi Ryung. What are you doing here?
Are you going to America, too?
Are you going to there on a business trip with President Joo?
No, I'm just going there to take care of some personal business.
I read in the newspaper that you're going to America to film a movie.
Oh, that. I'm just going there for an audition.
- Is he with you?
My seat is over there. Come over to chat if you get bored.
We went to school together.
I got you a seat on a flight that leaves in two hours.
- Nothing sooner?
- No, nothing as of now.
You just let Tae Gong Shil leave?
She told me that she was going to leave as soon as Cha Hee Joo's case was resolved.
So... you just let her leave instead of grabbing onto her and asking her to stay?
I'm not letting her leave.
I'm going to follow her and bring her back.
Even if you were to follow her there, she has a two hour head start on you.
What if you lose track of her during that time gap?
This is a tracking device. Take this with you.
I wasn't sure what was going to happen, so I put a tracking device in Gong Shil's bag.
Tae Gong Shil doesn't know that I did that.
Go and make sure that you find her, and bring her back.
You're a very clever man, Team Leader Kang.
Come back and work for me at Kingdom again.
I'll double your salary.
Turn it on for me.
[Tae Yi Ryung]
Kang Woo.
Did you know that Tae Gong Shil is on her way to America?
- How do you know that?
- She's on the same flight that I'm on!
She's going to America with some man whom I've never seen before.
Really?
Tae Gong Shil is on the same flight that Tae Yi Ryung is on right now.
The plane is still on the ground.
Hello?
Hello?
Hey!
Hey, you dog...
President Joo Joong Won?
Ms. Tae Yi Ryung, listen to me very carefully.
I need your gifted acting skills right now.
Excuse me?
Hey.
Do you consider me a good actress?
What?
Make sure you don't get yourself involved in the act that I'm about to put on, okay?
Yi Ryung!
What's wrong?
Gong Shil.
My stomach hurts.
What? What's wrong with your stomach?
I don't know. But it really hurts!
I think it's my appendicitis!
Help! Someone help us!
Please! We need some help!
- Is she okay? - She needs help.
Gong Shil.
It's okay, Yi Ryung.
Just hang on.
- Big Sun.
- Yes?
Stay with me.
Big Sun.
Gong Shil!
Don't leave me, Gong Shil!
- It's okay, just hang on.
Gong Shil!
Gong Shil!
- Big Sun!
No!
Come with me!
- You go on ahead.
You're her guardian, so you get in with her.
Tae Gong Shil!
I never knew that a day would come when I'd be impressed by Tae Yi Ryung's acting.
You managed to get her to stay, but what are you going to do now?
Be understanding, and considerate...
I'm going to have to start doing those things.
I want you to remain by my side and help me.
I'm not good at things like that.
So, if it seems like I'm doing it wrong, you have to get on my case and if I try to deviate from it, you have to stop me.
Just like what you've been doing at my side for the past 15 years.
Yes, I'll do that.
But, Master Joo.
I'm a little disappointed.
I've been on your case for the past 15 years, but you didn't even budge.
But look at how easily you've opened up your heart to Ms. Tae whom you've only known for a brief while.
It wasn't easy.
You know that I'm not that easy of a person.
I'm not so sure.
- Chief Secretary Kim. - Yes?
Okay.
Little Sun.
You're acting way too normal for someone who was dying a minute ago.
Can't you tell by looking?
I was faking it.
I've been taking acting lessons from an acting coach lately and my acting's gotten much better.
I just got a script for a woman who has terminal illness.
Maybe I should do that.
Did you get me off that plane just so that you could practice your acting on me?
Well, I didn't really want to go to that audition anyways.
And President Joo Joong Won asked me to do it.
He asked me to get you off that plane.
- President Joo asked you to do that? - I didn't want to do it either.
I don't like seeing you being happy with someone as successful as President Joo.
Then why did you do it?
Because things need to get better for you, and you have to become safe and happy.
In order for him to stop watching over you, and feel safe enough to leave your side...
I couldn't think of any other solution other than finding you happiness with President Joo.
That's why I helped him.
If that's the case, then you shouldn't have gotten yourself involved.
Because I was leaving so that I could be safe and happy.
You seem to be saying that because you don't want to lose face in front of me.
But that's not at all how you looked.
'I love you too much, and that's why I'm leaving you.'
That's the candy fluff you're trying to play off right now.
- Candy? - That's right.
I'm not good enough, so I'm leaving for your own good.
Make me stay if you really love me.
If you do, then I'll relent and stay. I know that's what you're doing.
President Joo did more than his share by getting you off of that plane.
Stop playing hard to get, and let him grab onto you now.
If you insist on dragging it out, it'll only exhaust everyone involved.
Yi Ryung.
I have a big fatal flaw, so I can't pretend to be weak and just grab onto him.
A fatal flaw?
I think I know what it is.
You need both Kang Woo and President Joo to feel empathy for you and protect you.
Okay, what is it?
I... see dead people.
What?
There's one in here, too.
I think he was a patient who passed away in this hospital room.
I don't believe in things like that.
Okay. Anyways, he wants me to pass along a message to you.
He says he's a fan of yours.
I'm leaving now.
Hey, Tae Gong Shil! Where are you going?
If you leave me all alone after telling me something like that.
It's scary.
I really hate ghost stories.
When I was being clingy, but even when I'm leaving... I'm still nothing but a gold digging candy girl in everyone else's eyes.
Woo Jin, it's you.
But... why are you still here?
It's Woo Jin's mom.
Woo Jin. Seeing you reminds me of a terrifying memory.
I don't want to see you.
Mr. Joo Joong Won.
You forcefully brought back the sun that was trying to leave.
But, did you manage to have her rise at your side again?
- Who are you?
- I'm the man that's leaving with Gong Shil.
I'm sure that Gong Shil must've told you.
I've met someone who can see and hear the same things that I can.
You're telling me that you see ghosts like Tae Gong Shil does?
Unlike you... I'm someone who lives in the same world which Gong Shil lives in.
Ms. Tae!
- Chief Secretary Kim.
- How could you have left without a word?
Were you running away... to avoid Master Joo?
I wasn't running away.
- I was just going to search for something.
The reason why I ended up this way.
I was leaving to search for a reason why I was made to be able to see dead people.
Are you saying if she goes to those places that she's been with you that she'll be able to find the reason why?
I'm not sure of that myself.
We can only know once we get there.
When you're not even sure of it yourself you were still trying to take her that far away from here?
That's not what's important.
What's important is that for the very first time... Gong Shil has started to take a real look at herself and who she is.
She's hid herself away living in torment while avoiding others all these years, hasn't she?
And when you appeared, you were like a safe haven she could escape to.
But, now...
Gong Shil is considering stepping out on her own away from you.
That's why I came to see Gong Shil.
What is it... that you can do for Tae Gong Shil?
Her memories from those three years that she roamed this earth as a spirit... I'm going to help her regain those memories.
Since that's when she started seeing spirits... once she regains her memories of that time... it'll transform Gong Shil.
- How so?
- She won't be afraid anymore.
She may be able to accept her ability to see spirits, or... it's possible that she may even lose that ability.
You're saying that it's possible she may not be able to see ghosts anymore?
Yes.
Whether she accepts her ability, or loses her ability... the defense shield you can offer to Gong Shil will become meaningless to her.
Is Tae Gong Shil aware of all this?
Yes.
That's why she's coming with me.
So, you thought that I was leaving for President Joo's sake?
I was really only thinking of myself when I tried to leave.
Now that I think about it, Candy is much more of a romanticist than I am.
To leave like that for the sake of someone else.
I'm not that innocent, bright, nor kind hearted like that.
You've changed a lot, just like how Master Joo has changed.
You used to say that you were just grateful to have someone like you.
The sun that was crumpled down below is now saying how she wants to rise high up in the sun and shine brilliantly.
And there's nothing I can do about it either. I'm at a loss for what to do.
Seriously.
Then do you think President Joo could have the same misunderstanding?
Do I really have to put on my Candy act?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure where Master Joo stands.
He's Master Joo.
Even though I had to force you to come back...
I feel like I can finally breathe again now that you're standing in front of me.
Listen, President Joo. Why did you hold me back?
I was trying to leave for your own sake because I knew I wasn't good enough for you.
Who do you think you're talking to?
Do you think that I'm going to run over to you and hold onto you from the back just because you're putting on that act?
Was I being that obvious?
Did the blunt and brazen sun all of a sudden become a moon of purity?
I just thought that you'd feel less offended and be a little bit more understanding if I told you that I did what I did for your benefit sake.
Even if you come off sounding really blunt, I like you better when you're being honest.
I don't like it when you change who you are which only ends up confusing me.
Okay, then I'll be blunt and tell you how it is.
I...
I'm leaving for the sake of my own survival.
It's not that I hadn't thought of you at all... but my own well-being came first.
Initially, I felt comfortable to cling onto you as my defensive shield.
Because I just clung onto you without having to think about anything else.
Then I started to have feelings for you, I think that's when it all started.
That's when I started hating myself for my ability to see ghosts.
You told me that you'd lower yourself as much as you can to suit me, right?
But... I felt so pathetic about how low my life was.
I can't live like this anymore.
I need to find out why I ended up this way.
I want to get rid of my ability to see ghosts if I can.
Can you find your reason, and come back to me?
I can't promise you that I'll come back to you.
Because if I don't change from the way I am now... there's no way that I'll return to your side ever again.
I told you, didn't I?
I don't want to remain as the sun of misfortune at your side.
The day that I got stabbed by the screwdriver...
I never should've gone after you.
And fortunately, your life didn't end then... you were able to find a way to continue on with your life the way you're meant to.
Can you understand what I'm saying?
I'm not a dumb street mutt. I got it, so you can give it a rest.
Thank you.
Seeing how you're able to walk around freely at a hospital when you once told me that it was the scariest place to you in the world...
I guess you won't be coming back because you missed having your defensive shield.
I need to find another weapon to bring us back together. Wait for me until I do.
I'm going to leave just like I had planned.
Then you'll be meeting some cops on your way to the airport.
Why?
Because... you're a sexual molester.
You've touched every nook and cranny of my body.
You even crawled onto my bed without my permission.
You even paid me for the privilege of doing that, didn't you?
10,000 won.
One million won.
Didn't you just tell me that you understood?
Even if I understood, I have no intention of being considerate.
There's no way that I'll just send you off peacefully.
I'm just going to start doing whatever I want from now on without a guilty conscience.
You can handle everything from now on all on your own.
Once I think that you're no longer afraid of ghosts, and that you'll be okay alone... that's when you can tell me to stop coming, and go back to my own neighborhood.
That woman doesn't have any self-respect.
There's a definite reason why she can't let me go... and that's why she doesn't have the luxury to care about any self-respect.
I don't get scared when I'm sure of the ending.
All I ever told her every day was for her to handle everything and that there was a sure ending for us.
And now... I got what I asked for.
But still... I got to tell her exactly how I felt.
I love you.
Would that... have been enough?
I guess I must've gone as far as what I feared in my worst case scenario.
I totally forgot that I said those words to her.
The things I said to Madame Go... that was the worst thing I could've said.
Death, the end, and not being attracted...
I said some words that I never should've said if it hadn't been for that specific situation.
I don't want to retrieve those words just to complicate things again.
No, I'm sure she didn't hear me say that.
The deal with Madame Go is all over now.
I even paid her a huge amount of money so that she never comes back again.
I need to say nicer words to her.
That way I can ask her how can she treat me so coldly like this.
I heard that Han Na Brown was the culprit?
Ugh, it could've been really bad for President Joo.
Can you imagine how bad it would be if they got together like you wanted them to?
I can't even fathom how shocked my Joong Won must've been.
You said that they were able to catch her all thanks to Tae Gong Shil's help, right?
Yes.
Honey. What Bang Shil did was amazing.
Honey.
Joong Won. Are you okay?
Aunt. I'm really struggling right now, so let's do this some other time.
Okay.
President Joo. I'm sure that you must be exhausted.
I'll take care of the Shanghai meeting, and the finalization of all the paperwork.
I have both sides of my brain for that, one to ponder business... and the other side for my own personal life.
I can take care of them both myself.
So both of you... just leave.
Go, I said.
It seems as though President Joo is suffering from the huge shock.
I think he needs someone who'll be at his side to comfort and console him.
He has me.
Yes, I know that he has you. What he needs now is a warm loving presence.
Who are you referring to?
I'm talking about Bang Shil.
Deputy Ahn told me a few things.
And I guess Tae Gong Shil was trying to... leave for somewhere far away after she resolved the case for him.
President Joo went after her and got her back.
My goodness... my heart just breaks for them.
I was really touched after I heard the story about the two of you from Deputy Ahn.
You getting on that plane, and Master Joo coming after you.
That's just unbelievable.
If you really want to test the boundaries of love getting on the plane and pretending to leave is a pretty good tactic to use.
It wasn't like that.
Gong Shil. President Joo went through all that trouble to bring you back and make you stay.
You shouldn't go.
Okay? He's not the reason why I'm leaving.
Hey, that man...
You told me that he even knows about the things you see.
If he's telling you that he still likes you even after knowing all that then shouldn't that be the end of it?
Even in your eyes... do you think that he's above my limit, and I'm playing hard to get undeservingly?
Ms. Tae Gong Shil, you should give it a rest and stop playing so hard to get, okay?
Why are you talking to my sister like that?
Ms. Tae Gong Shil.
You're being asked to come to the vice president's office.
- Me? - Yes.
Why?
Once she gets President Joo's aunt's approval... then I guess things will go the way that the vice president wanted it to go.
I didn't think that it was possible for Master Joo and Gong Shil to work out.
I was starting to wonder if I got on the wrong side of the fence but it ends up that I had chosen the golden side of the fence.
Lee Han Joo, you were on the vice president's side?
Of course, I'm the vice president's eyes, ears, mouth.
I'm his head, shoulders, knees and toes...
Then were you the blabbermouth from the vice president's office?
All those times that you took me out to eat jokbal and everything else it was all so that you could go around blabbing that mouth of yours?
So, you were just fishing for information?
Wait, Tae Gong Ri!
I'm not going to touch you, nor provoke you for the time being.
So, stop with all that needless talk of leaving just to make things harder for my Joong Won right now.
You two are telling me that you can't live without one another and it seems I've just made things even more poignant and heart wrenching by getting in the middle of it.
So, I'm not going to do that anymore.
I trust that my nephew won't go off the deep end... and he'll come back to his senses.
No, don't do that.
I don't have the luxury to love anyone to the point of it being heart wrenching.
You once told me that I was ominous, didn't you?
What you said was right.
I've dragged President Joo into my life and made him stand on the brink on the death.
Yet, here I am staring into that face all over again.
I'm never going to repeat that same mistake again.
Bang Shil.
Do you have a grudge against me because I was a bit harsh with you in the past?
Are you trying to get an apology from me or something?
- Is that it?
I know that it's only because you love President Joo very much.
You're very precious to the person that I care deeply about.
If anything, I'm grateful to you.
Are you... trying to play me, too?
No.
I'm just going to leave you be, and get lost for good.
It seems as though you're starting to have some doubts.
Everyone can't seem to understand me.
They all thought the same... that I was bluffing and playing hard to get.
They think it's ludicrous that someone like President Joo would want me to stay.
Then... do you want to try remaining at his side... and live your life together while enduring and handling what may come your way?
Because it seemed to me that he was ready to do that.
You know that I can't do that.
My decision to leave was an extremely difficult decision for me to make.
Even the thought of never being able to see him again... makes me feel completely empty inside.
This kid... is he following you around?
His name is Woo Jin.
He follows me because he's really worried about his mom.
- Are you not going to help this kid out?
- No, I'm not. The last time I followed this kid, I almost caused Joong Won to die.
I'm going with you because I don't want to do anything like that again.
Then, I'll wait for you at the airport tomorrow.
It's up to you whether you'll come with me or not.
So you're the cause of Gong Shil's agony, huh?
It seems as though even her final decision...
She's sleeping?
After threatening me to come with the necessities after a fake hospitalization... and she sleeps?
It seemed like a big project led by a famous director.
I wonder if she's making a huge mistake by letting go of this opportunity.
Seeing how she's sleeping so peacefully...
What the heck?
Did you attack me just now?
Even though I'm a little flustered by your surprise ambush... but I came prepared for it.
So, I won't get mad at you.
But... are you sure that was enough?
I was prepared for something even more drastic with you being the black whiskered whale and all.
But thanks for such a bland ending.
What?
You really won't get mad if I do something more than that?
No, I wouldn't have gotten mad.
It's an opportunity that you even gave up an international movie for... but that's too bad.
Kang Woo!
That didn't count.
I'm going to do it right this time.
There are reporters waiting outside.
You can't come out there, okay?
I should've just jumped on him.
I was attempting to organize my thoughts in order to renegotiate with you.
I discovered a huge injustice along the process.
The more I think about it, the more ridiculous it all seems.
What's ridiculous?
You and I've been taking turns talking about our end.
When in fact, we've never even really started.
We've never once shared a meal, or held hands without having a ghost involved.
Talking about our ending when there wasn't even a beginning...
Don't you find that funny?
I've touched you, grabbed you, and poked you enough to get accused of sexual harassment.
But I've never once touched you just because I wanted to from liking you.
Forget all that talk about leaving and just grab my hand and let's just go grab dinner together.
It feels weird.
I think this is the first time I've ever held your hand without there being a ghost.
See?
Doesn't it feel unfair to just end it after only having held hands once?
Since I've grabbed onto your hand, why don't we go have dinner together?
I'll just go in and change real quick.
Make it quick.
This is my favorite udon restaurant.
This place is the best in this area.
I love udon so much, that I find myself eating it about five times a week.
This is the first time I've ever heard of how much you like udon.
I hate these fat noodles that sits in a bowl of this hot broth.
I like the refreshing tasting and thin nangmyun noodles.
- I see. So you like nangmyun?
- That doesn't mean that I like all nangmyun.
I only like it from this certain restaurant. It's number three on their menu.
But... ever since the grandmother of that place passed away the flavor of the dish changed, so I've quit eating nangmyun.
Really?
Had I known sooner, I would've stopped by that nangmyun place.
If that deceased grandmother was still there don't you think I could've found out why the flavor of the dish had changed?
If you leave just like this... even my chances of ever eating another bowl of nangmyun also disappears.
I find that to be unfair, too.
Where's that nangmyun place?
I'll stop by before I leave.
Don't pretend to care when you're just going to leave and abandon me.
Go on and eat before your fat noodles get fatter.
I hope you really enjoy eating it... and that you feel a sense of longing whenever you eat another bowl of udon.
I come to this place from time to time to get some exercise.
I used to be really good at sports. I was especially good at tennis.
I'm good at other thing besides tennis such as horseback riding, golf, and archery.
I guess you would've concentrated more on being athletic since you couldn't read.
I, on the other hand, only read because I couldn't go outside.
That's too bad.
We could've lived together with me reading all the books that you'd recommend and with me teaching you all the sports that I'm really good at.
You're breaking the fundamental structure of 'Give and Take' when you leave.
I guess you're right.
I've always wanted to learn how to horseback ride, and how to golf.
I have horses, golf courses, swimming pools, and tennis courts.
I have them all. In other words, you could say that I have a lifetime membership to all those things.
You even have horses?
I saw the ghost of a horse once.
But you can't ride the ghost of a horse.
President Joo.
There's an old lady sitting on that bench who likes to mess with couples on their dates.
All the couples that sits on that bench ends up breaking up.
Excuse me!
They'll end up breaking up if I just leave them alone.
Then let them break up. My relationship is about to be broken up as well.
I don't want to see others having a happy ending.
Tae Gong Shil.
Don't go.
Ms. Tae told me that she was leaving for the sake of her own benefit.
That's why I'm sure Master Joo won't be able to force her to stay either.
I've always thought that President Joo could do the things for Tae Gong Shil that I never could do for her myself.
That's why I've taken a step back only to stare at her from afar.
But... if Tae Gong Shil is saying that she herself is what she's really afraid of... then the only thing President Joo can do... is to take a step back and watch her as he waits for her like I've done.
Master Joo has never once accepted a person's decision for what it is.
Whether he'll be able to be understand and be considerate of her decision... is something that I'm not sure he'll be able to do.
I didn't even know that jerk was the blabbermouth I've been searching for.
I went out to eat chicken gizzards, and even lamb hearts with him?
Hey! Blabbermouth!
This is my bottle.
I didn't pour that drink just so you can dump it into that cheap blabbermouth of yours.
Hey, blabbermouth.
Why aren't you saying anything?
Why don't you try saying something?
Huh? That cheap mouth of yours is useless unless it's used for gossiping, right?
Hey. Hey!
What... what did you just do with that cheap mouth of yours?
Now that's the only kind of excuse my lips can make.
Your excuse... was a little short.
Then... should I give you a longer explanation?
First of all... since you can't be the only sober one here, start drinking.
Give us another bottle.
It tastes so sweet. So sweet.
I really like the rooftop of your place.
I can now understand why you say that you feel most comfortable up there.
It's a perfect place to have a beer.
I want to fill up your fridge with beer... and I want to come over every day to have one.
Tae Gong Shil. How many beers should I get to fill up your fridge?
Should I buy one beer for tonight, or can I fill it up as much as I want?
For now... just a single pack.
Six beers?
I want to have a beer too while holding your hand.
If it's only six beers, we can either drink them all tonight or if there are still some left...
Okay. One pack.
Any specific kind you like? No, I'll figure that out on my own.
We'll just start off with a pack.
It would be too unfair to just leave without even doing that.
One pack. Six days.
I've bought myself that much time at least.
Woo Jin.
Gong Shil, please help my mom.
No, I don't want to.
I'm not going to look at you.
Gong Shil. Please help me.
I'm not going.
Go away.
I said, I'm not going!
Where did she go?
[President Joo]
Why isn't she answering her phone?
Miss. Aren't you going to answer your phone?
I wasn't sure what was going to happen, so I put a tracking device in Gong Shil's bag.
Found it.
Driver, stop the car.
Woo Jin. Mommy is coming to be with you.
Ma'am!
No, you can't!
Please don't do this!
Let go!
Please don't do this.
Don't do this!
Please calm down.
You can't do this.
Woo Jin. Woo Jin!
- You can't do this.
It's too dangerous.
- I want to go to him!
It's okay.
Woo Jin is standing next to her.
He came to ask for my help because his mother was in danger.
I almost got you killed the last time I followed that kid.
But I ended up following him again.
Even though I stopped her this time, she may try doing the same thing again.
That's her life.
How can you expect yourself to handle all that?
I kept being swayed because I continue to see and hear them.
Even though I really hate it, this is just who I am.
I can't even handle myself. So, how can you be expected to handle me?
If you go with that man... will you then be able to stop seeing the things that you don't want to see?
I don't know.
But don't you think that I should at least try to find out why I ended up this way?
I'll accept your decision.
Okay.
This ends right here.
Tae Gong Shil. You and I are nothing but two people who've only held hands once and shared one single meal together.
It means that we'll easily forget one another.
I'm going... to forget you.
Okay. If you really hate me... you can curse me and call me a bitch who left you after bewitching you.
No, thanks.
There's no need to curse out a woman whom I've only held hands and dined with once.
I'm leaving.
Even to the very end... she hadn't said... that she loves me.
It has now been three hundred... and seventy five days since the sun gone down in my life.
But I haven't collapse and crumble.
What should I wear today?
- Is everything prepared? - Yes.
Our sales and revenue must beat out Giant Mall in the annual sales report.
We're preparing some special events for the end of the year sales drive.
I'll be leaving for Shanghai after this season ends.
We need a huge and definitive advantage over Giant Mall in sales before I leave.
- How much?
This much.
- This much.
Even bigger. This much!
Once Joong Won leaves for Shanghai next year... you'll be taking over his position as the President of this location.
The thought of that gives me the butterflies.
I have to do whatever I can to make sure that he gets married before he leaves.
He sees Ms. Park So Hyun with all the frequent meeting with Sejin Group, right?
- What do you think of those two?
- They only get into hot debates over money. I don't see any possibilities between those two.
Why don't you try setting up a dinner or something after one of those meetings? You can do that, can't you?
Well... yes, okay.
But...
From the way I see it... it seems to me that President Joo is waiting.
Do you think that it makes any sense that Joong Won would wait around for anyone?
As long as he wants, I can get a line of women for him from here to the moon.
But... Bang Shil?
What is she... a princess from outer space or something?
- Why would he wait for her? - Well, you know...
I'm waiting for the sun to rise again.
As a show of your belief that the sun will rise again... can you bang the can, and spin the lid?
Thanks. In its own way, it comforts me when you bang the can and spin the lid for me.
Deputy Ahn. Did you tell him that his meeting with Sejin Group is at the Palace Hotel?
Yes, Sejin Group called this morning to confirm as well.
Oh no, what to do?
I needed to coordinate with President Joo's schedule and set the meeting up at Kingdom but I seemed to have made a mistake.
I have to go with him to that meeting. President Joo will probably get really upset if we change the schedule.
I'll speak to him since I'm the one who made the mistake.
How in the world did I make such a simple mistake like that?
I wonder if I was bewitched by a ghost.
We're here way too early for the meeting.
There's no way that Chief Secretary Kim would've made a simple mistake like this. I wonder... if he's really sick?
Chief Secretary Kim. Have you been to the hospital yet?
You still have to consider your age even if it is just a cold. Take the next few days off and rest.
You're going to get me sick with your cold. I'm going to send over the doctor, so just stay home and don't go anywhere. What about dinner?
I'll send over some of your favorite tuna porridge.
No, you can't have any ice cream.
I'm hanging up.
I noticed you when you first walked in. If it's okay with you, can I join you for a drink?
No, I'm actually waiting for someone.
You've been sitting here by yourself all night.
- Well, yes... excuse me.
- Would it be okay if I moved my seat?
Thank you.
This change is nice.
Has Seoul's night skyline always been this pretty?
Excuse me, Miss.
Would you like to have a drink with me?
No, thanks.
Please go away.
You look so much like someone I know.
I said, forget it.
You're really... not going to look at me?
I'm here with someone.
Who?
A ghost?
It is you, Tae Gong Shil. The bitch who left me after bewitching me.
Subtitles by DramaFever
Subtitles by DramaFever I'm a unique and special entity in your world.
The only way I won't be aggrieved is if you felt like dying without me.
I just feel slightly disappointed when you're not around.
I haven't been waiting around hoping for you to remember me.
All I needed to do is show you this and you'll remember who I am. But I purposely kept it and didn't return it to you.
You purposely kept it to yourself... and didn't return it to me?
Yes. I thought it would be better for the both of us not to have this.
I was planning to throw this away since it was just something that I picked up.
Here, you can have it.
You were seriously...
thinking of throwing it away?
Yes.
So, if I hadn't taken it upon myself to remember and recover it.
You really were planning to toss this away, and never to be found again?
Yes. Anyways, I've already thrown it away.
Then... should I throw it away too?
Since it's yours to begin, you can do whatever you want with it.
Fine. Then I'll throw it away, too. I'll simply get rid of it.
Are you in pain?
Yeah, I'm in pain.
I feel like my back is splitting in half.
I thought you've fully recovered.
Have you ever been stabbed with a screwdriver?
If it had gone any deeper, it would've pierced my heart.
Does it still hurt?
The moment I got my memories back... the shock and agonizing pain I felt when I got stabbed came back, too.
Let's get you home.
Yeah, I think I need to go home.
Take me to the parking garage.
I'll go get someone to help you.
I got hurt because of you, and you can't even help me walk?
Aren't you being too harsh?
Okay, let's go.
You didn't even once visit me at the hospital while I was there, did you?
Why are you disappointed when you don't even remember being there?
Do you know how much pain I was in?
To be honest, it still aches whenever I take a breath.
Yes, I'm sure that you were in a great deal of pain.
Is that the best you can say?
Can't you be a bit more sincere when you say that?
Yes, I'm sure that you were in a great deal of pain.
Right there. That's where it hurts.
- You do the driving.
- Me?
Then you expect me to drive when I'm in this much pain?
Unlock the door.
It'll be dangerous if something jumps out while you're driving.
This is for my own safety.
Just concentrate on driving.
I have to concentrate on enduring my pain.
Start the car.
I'm sorry, Han Na.
I don't think Joong Won was feeling well, he probably went home.
I think he went off to see Tae Gong Shil.
I guess he still feels drawn to her even though he has no memories of her.
She was the woman he cared far enough to risk his own life.
It's understandable that he would feel this way.
Did Mr. Joo Joong Won get hurt in his attempt to save her?
- No! - Yes, that's right.
I see.
I had no idea that Tae Gong Shil meant that much to Mr. Joo Joong Won.
We look the same... but you're not the one that Joong Won likes.
The only thing that Joong Won knows is that he likes a girl named Cha Hee Joo.
I want to tell Joong Won... who I truly am.
I'm sorry, Hee Joo.
I wasn't able to take in my twin nieces that my sister left behind.
Of the twins... Han Na was adopted, and she moved to England.
And Hee Joo grew up in an orphanage here in Korea.
Didn't you tell me that I have a twin?
I want to go and find my sister.
This is the picture they sent me when they met for the first time.
I was going to come to Korea myself, so that I could also meet Hee Joo.
But when Han Na came back to England... she told me that Hee Joo had died in an accident.
My little sister is dead.
Why didn't you look her? She was left her all alone there.
And I haven't seen Han Na again since that day.
But... why do you think that after these past 15 years... she's appeared by Master Joo's side?
There's a very high probability that she was the co-conspirator.
Han Na... would've never done something like that.
President Joo will be shocked when he finds out Han Na is the late Cha Hee Joo's twin.
But, when he finds out that you're a blood relative of Cha Hee Joo's... he will be tremendously shocked.
It's even possible that he may misunderstand the nature of your true intentions.
You think... that all those years that I've remained by Master Joo's side... would end up in a terrible misunderstanding?
Get some rest. I'm going to get going now.
What would you like to drink?
I'm going to have a beer, and you can have a soda.
Since I don't have any soda, you can have some sparkling water.
I thought that you said you were in pain.
Do you really think that I've brought you all the way here because of my back pain?
You know that wasn't the real reason, but you still came with me.
Okay, let's just forget everything that we've agreed to disregard... and start over from scratch, and reorganize our thoughts.
Okay, fine. Let's talk now since I'm here.
I understand that you wanted to run away because of your guilt.
You probably think this was all your fault for dragging me in but I'm also partly to blame because I ran in there without a plan.
End of story. We just need to more cautious from now on.
I'd always anticipated that we'll end things at some point and that made me wanted to keep one foot out the door.
But... after that near death experience... that's when I knew for sure...
I don't want to end things with you.
I'm not going to end it.
Just remain by my side. I'll handle everything.
So, you've already decided that's what you want to do?
That's right. So, when I start to seduce you... you just need to fall for me and come to me.
Drink up.
I don't think that I'm going to fall for you that easily.
To me you are no longer... the desperately necessary entity that I needed like before.
I'm your defensive shield.
What happened? Did I lose my ability when I got stabbed by the screwdriver?
No, that's not it.
It's just that I'm no longer afraid of the ghosts like I used to be.
So, I no longer need to have a defensive shield.
You're still really great, and rich and all... but that ultimate attractiveness about you that drew me to you is no longer there.
You sucked up to me by saying that I was a shield made out of the finest marble in this world when you really needed me.
But, what am I?
You no longer find me attractive because you're not afraid ghosts anymore?
Yes.
It's the same thing as a woman liking a man for his money and the guy loses his attraction to her when he loses his fortune.
I've lowered myself as much as I could go to fit you on your level... but you're telling me that that my worth has gone down?
Then do you want to renegotiate our terms?
Don't lower yourself to suit me, or fall any lower either.
I told you that I don't want that.
I'm going to go now.
Okay, you can go for now.
We'll renegotiate once I'm done staring at myself in the mirror and find some other appeal that I can offer to you.
You do that.
You.
She says you're not attractive. You've never heard that before, have you?
No, don't quiver. And don't get angry either.
We'll go back and renegotiate.
Just endure it.
Unclench your fist.
This is no fun.
I'm unattractive to her.
You're quick with your calculations.
Just name your price.
I'll give you whatever you want. You must've figured out a very precise answer to your calculation.
Once I pay up, Tae Gong Shil's contract with you is over. If you ever drag her into your plans again
I'll become the matchmaker this time and marry you off to one of your spirits.
But for that to happen, it would mean that you'd have to die first.
I will never... block your sun from you again.
I'll try talking to Madame Go.
Your top priority is their looks? Why do you care so much about looks when you're already dead?
Excuse me?
You think that man is perfect?
But... that man is still alive!
What are you thinking?
Just get lost!
I heard that it's going to rain tonight. - Are you going on your GT dressed like that?
- What's a 'GT'?
The 'Ghost Training' that Madame Go makes you go on.
Did you train yourself to not be afraid when you go ghost hunting?
- I've signed a contract with her.
- That's all over now.
She and I have come to a settlement.
There's no need for you to thank me.
Just give me extra points to make up for the points I lost on my attraction scale.
Ah... you settled it with her?
That's good.
I'm sure you've already heard... I signed that contract because I want to bring you back to life.
I thought it was great that you were able to wake back up safely... but I did feel that it was a little unfair that I got shafted on this.
Shafted?
Sacrifice, devotion, love...
It would sound so much better if you had used those kinds of words instead.
Feelings like that only exist in fairy tales.
The wolf and the lamb who meets on that stormy night... their feelings for each other are so pure and sweet, isn't it?
That because it's a children's book. But in reality, a wolf and a lamb cannot be together.
I came back to life from the brink of death. I left reality to jump into a fairytale.
But it sounds like you crawled out of the fairytale into reality during that time.
Mine was a very cruel fairytale.
A dark fairytale where a person dies and come visit the other.
It scared me so much, I crawled out of that fairytale.
You should just go back to your neighborhood now.
This is the third time you've told me to get lost today.
Which means, I've endured you turning me down three times.
Don't you remember what you once said to me?
Sticking around after being told to get lost is something only a mutt would do.
It seems to me that you're not taking your own advice.
My ears are wide open, and I can hear you very well.
But, I don't understand it.
Grandmother, what are you doing here again?
We're in the middle of an important conversation.
What are you doing?
Tell them to come back another time.
Your son is there doing that again?
That's very dangerous.
Okay, let's go.
Where are you going?
Don't touch me. This isn't the time for your defensive shield.
Just go home.
This is the fourth time she told me to get lost.
I'm counting the number of times.
- Grandmother, it's okay.
- I think it's going to start raining soon. Are you really not afraid at all?
I can handle it. Is your son in a bad state?
You're not able to leave in peace because your son is still causing trouble, right?
What grandmother? Tell me what's going on.
You can't see the grandmother anyways. So, you don't need to know.
Right?
Why are you laughing?
What do you care? You can't hear her anyways.
Yes, you're right. He is, right?
- He's a bit... - Are you guys talking about me? I don't need to hear to know that.
There he is!
Mister!
Mister from the supermarket! Mister!
Mister!
I can see him, too.
How much did he have to drink?
Mister.
Mister from the supermarket!
Grandmother, should I wake him up like I did before?
National Singing Competition!
I won first place at that competition.
Yes, you did.
Someone who won first place at a national singing competition can't be lying in the middle of the streets, right?
It's very dangerous to be there in front of the truck like that.
Come on, let's go.
You could've just explained what was going on to me.
If that man was dangerous and if he held a weapon at me would you run to save me again like the last time?
What if he had a gun in his hand?
Would you have taken the bullet for me?
I'm not going to drag you into situations like that anymore.
Are you asking me to leave you to face these dangers alone?
It's more dangerous when the two of us are together.
We don't see or hear the same things.
You can grab onto me and not see or hear anything either.
How can I live my life clinging onto you like that? I have my own world to live in.
So, you were serious when you told me that you can live without me.
You were bewitched because of my persistent clinging.
Truthfully, no other woman in this world would've come onto you like I did.
I came back even after getting pulled away by the hair. I clung onto you even though you've told me to get lost a 100 times.
I'm sorry, President Joo. There's absolutely no reason why you should let me stick around you.
That's right. I fell for your spell, and lost my mind.
You're saying all the right words, but I still can't understand any of it.
I must've turned into a street mutt.
Once you take a step back from me, and think about it very carefully you'll come back to your senses.
I don't want to hear you telling me to get lost for the fifth time. I'm going to get going. Be careful going home alone.
You're still here?
What?
There's someone who wants to meet me?
Right now?
Who?
You came.
I've asked Joon Suk to bring you here so that I could see you.
Joon Suk is the kid who's been asking you to buy coffee every day.
Gong Shil. Do you... remember who I am?
I know you.
I'm positive that I've seen you in my dreams.
It wasn't just a dream.
You were with me during the three long years that you were in a coma.
The sun will rise again, and I'll be back by your side again.
Because... you're here.
Meeting you felt like a fresh ray of sunshine.
You have no idea how reassuring it feels to know that I have a defensive shield to run there when I'm truly scared.
Master Joo, are you awake?
How can I live the rest of my life clinging onto you like that?
I have my own world that I need to live in.
He's someone who can see and hear the same things that I do?
I was the one who discovered you out there in the woods.
Because your spirit came and told me where you were.
During the whole time you were lying in a coma in the hospital... your spirit never went back to your body.
We stayed together for three whole years.
I've lived as a ghost for three whole years?
Is that why I'm able to see ghosts?
I don't know the exact reason for it myself.
Because I don't know how I came to see them either.
Here.
You were with me at all the places that I took those pictures.
He's telling me that I was there?
Want to go back to those places?
Then you will be able to remember those times that you spent with me.
There's someone else in this world who can see and hear the same things that I can.
I guess you finally realized who I am, Uncle.
I didn't know it was you because you've changed so much, Han Na.
I heard that you went all the way to England to meet with my friends and ask around about me?
Why did you do that?
Did something happen between you and Hee Joo?
Were you involved in the accident... that caused Hee Joo's death?
Chief Secretary Kim!
When did you get back?
I got my memories back while you were gone.
Let's you and I talk. I thought I was going to burst because I had absolutely no one to talk to.
- Come into my office.
- Master Joo.
Before we do that... there's something that you need to hear first.
What is it?
It's about Cha Hee Joo.
- Did you find her twin sister?
- Yes.
And those twin girls... are my nieces.
- Chief Secretary Kim is Cha Hee Joo's uncle?
Someone whom we've suspected to be the twin sister has been found in close proximity to President Joo Joong Won.
Cha Hee Joo's older sister?
How interesting.
You're saying that you suspect me of being the culprit?
These are all the postcards you've sent.
Yes, you're right.
Those are the postcards that I sent to a friend of mine.
You were in every city that I was in.
Have you been following me around?
Is that how it looks like?
I guess... but my uncle was always right by your side.
So, I can understand how it could've looked that way.
Uncle.
Do you remember the emails you always sent me?
Although I never responded to any of them.
You always wrote about where you were, and which place you thought was nice.
And the places you went which you thought may be of help in my studies.
I listened to him because it was an advice given to me by my only blood relative.
Yes, she's right.
I emailed her every month to let her know what I was doing.
I was pretty sure she was reading them, so I never severed ties with my niece.
Uncle.
Although I'm a little shocked to hear that Hee Joo was the culprit... you must know there is no reason for me to have been her co-conspirator.
Han Na grew up in a very rich family.
There's no reason why she would've done something like that for money.
The Han Na that I knew was a very kind and bright child.
She would never have done something like that.
Hee Joo was always the dark one.
And she was really greedy, too.
Why did you keep the secret about you being her twin sister?
Why did you hover so close around me? When I met Hee Joo... she told me all about you.
That's Joo Joong Won.
He came every Christmas to the orphanage with his arms laden with gifts.
I always thought that he looked like a prince.
I've liked him ever since I was little girl.
Hee Joo told me that she never got the courage to talk to you. She always felt too shabby and pathetic.
I gave her the courage she needed... but that love...
ended so tragically.
I became interested in you because you were someone whom Hee Joo liked.
People always say that twins share a very special bond.
I thought that you were showing some interest in me, too.
Then you told me that I wasn't the real thing.
How disappointing.
That's right.
You're a fake.
But I'll take what you're saying right now as the real thing.
Since Chief Secretary Kim... is vouching for you.
I'll be going back to England soon.
Isn't the statue of limitation for Hee Joo's accident ending soon?
I was going to give Hee Joo a proper goodbye when it ends.
But everything turned into such a mess.
I'm sorry for not having told you the truth sooner.
I came to you because I was curious about the boy who was involved in my niece's death.
But...
I saw that the boy's scar ran very deep.
Remaining by that boy's side to help him heal his scar... seemed to be the only thing I could do for the niece that I had lost.
Enough. Please stop.
When you first started...
I told you that you were a recorder and an interpreter.
It seems that I've opened myself up too much in front of those two things.
If you find it burdensome to have me remain by your side...
I'll stop and leave your side.
Do that.
Thanks to you... I was able to escape his suspicion.
You heard from Team Leader Kang, right? That I've been deceitful all this time.
I can understand if you've misinterpreted my intentions.
No.
I've seen Cha Hee Joo.
Hee Joo never once glanced in your direction.
I hear... that you can see spirits?
You've seen dead Hee Joo's spirit?
Yes.
Hee Joo told me that she wanted to protect the culprit.
If the ghost is willing to protect the culprit... then I guess it'll be pretty difficult to catch that person.
You don't think Han Na's the culprit, do you?
Can you... catch the culprit?
I really don't want to do it.
But I think I'm going to have to grant Hee Joo her request.
Are you not suspecting Han Na because you believe what Secretary Kim said?
No.
I'm positive that she is the co-conspirator.
We just need to find the evidence and catch her.
If she goes back to England, it'll all be over.
She came back on her own accord, and she even tried to seduce me.
She wouldn't have done that unless she was sure that there was... no evidence to be found.
So, are you just going to give up, and watch her walk away?
I've found out everything that I want to know.
I wanted to know who the co-conspirator was, and I now know who that was.
She said she wanted to protect her...
because Han Na was her older twin sister.
Cha Hee Joo is dead.
No matter how much you hated her... don't you think that you should at least try... to make an effort to understand why things happened the way it did?
If that's what you're going to do, then don't do it in front of me. Keep doing it behind my back like you did with my father.
Leave.
I'll leave Kingdom, and do it outside of this place.
President Joo.
I don't want to tell you to get lost, too.
If you're here to talk about Hee Joo, then don't.
I've got my 10 billion won radar on.
I keep getting Hee Joo on my radar.
Maybe... it was during the moments when I was dead.
I saw Hee Joo during those moments.
I finished reading that same book while seated in front of her.
And then I felt at peace.
I was able to read all the words that were written on those pages very easily.
I... no longer hate Hee Joo.
Then... does that mean it's all over?
I've continued to see Hee Joo.
She was always standing next to that woman, Han Na.
Didn't you tell me that Hee Joo wanted to protect her co-conspirator?
It's probably why she remained by her side.
Tell her to keep doing that if she wants.
I'm not going to get my money back just because I go after her twin sister.
It's just going to bring more things to light which I don't want to know about.
But still...
I... just want to end it here.
But...
She was the criminal and I was the victim.
I said that I'm letting it go, and just accept things for what they are.
Do I need to try to understand when I can't even see or hear her?
That's why you shouldn't... look at that dead girl any longer either.
Okay.
I'm not going to force you to try to understand things that only I can see and hear anymore.
You should live your life in peace.
This was just something that I wanted to resolve for you.
Your radar is useless.
Tae Gong Shil.
In the beginning, you hated the things that you could see and hear and you clung onto me as your shield because you wanted to escape from that.
But why are you starting to fight me on this?
Why are you trying to see and hear them more and more?
I start to become useless to you.
But your life is more peaceful now.
The more useless we become to one another... the easier our lives will get for the both of us.
I fought and found my way back because I thought you couldn't be without me.
But, I see it was nothing more than a slight disappointment to not have me around.
This is unfair.
If I continue standing here looking at you...
I'm just going to tell you to get lost from the injustice of it all. You should leave.
Team Leader Kang... are you really quitting?
Yes.
I heard that Chief Secretary Kim quit, too.
Yes, I think so.
Thanks... for everything.
First Tae Gong Shil quits her job, then, Chief Secretary Kim, and now Team Leader Kang...
What a mess.
Then who is to become the Team Leader now?
I've decided to go to America.
Okay.
- That's good. - But I can't just leave like this.
What about it?
Have... dinner with me before I leave.
Do you know how many reservations I've canceled because of you?
Okay.
Let's go eat.
I'll treat.
I thought you'd want to go somewhere that would destroy my paycheck.
But this is it? A while back you said you were going to bring me here to eat pickled radishes.
So, I wanted to check it out and see what the big fuss was about.
I took your status into consideration, and rented out the whole place.
Eat as much as you'd like.
But now that we're here like this, it feels a bit weird.
But it's simpler this way.
Let's pretend that we're a couple from high school who met by chance and then parted ways after sharing some ddukbokki... simple and fleeting.
Forget it.
Just go and get me some more pickled radish.
Do I look like a high schooler to you?
Let's cheers.
One shot. You have to knock it back like a black whiskered whale, okay?
This is weird.
I feel like I've been drinking.
Kang Woo.
I don't want to break up with you.
If I had just told you that I wanted to have a drink you you probably would've told me that you don't want to, right?
Have I been drinking alcohol?
I'm not trying to be stubborn...
I'm just not a very good drinker.
Don't you find me the least bit pretty?
Don't I look a bit prettier to you now that you're drunk?
Yes, you're pretty.
Tae Yi Ryung is very pretty.
There are a few times when I thought to myself, wahh you're really pretty when you'd show up out of the blue.
Then why don't you like me when you think I'm pretty? Because there's someone that I want to protect.
She doesn't even know that I've been protecting her this whole time.
Do you think that you're Tae Gong Shil's bodyguard or something?
If she'd just call out my name just once...
But, she won't call my name.
That's why I...
I continue to stand in the sidelines and watch her from afar.
I don't want her... to feel afraid anymore.
I want her to feel safe.
That's the only way...
I can stop being her bodyguard.
I don't want to protect you.
That's why I gave you alcohol.
Because I want to have you all to myself... that's why I'm acting like this.
Where are you saying that you're going to go?
Isn't this another country?
Are you going abroad?
Gong Ri.
There's someone else who's able to see ghosts like I can.
- He wants me to go there with him.
- There's another person like you?
- He really sees the things that you do?
- Yeah. I don't really remember him, but he says he knows me very well.
Gong Ri, during those three years that I spent in the hospital he told me that my spirit came and stayed with him during that whole time.
Do you think Gong Shil...
will end up coming with me?
If she were to come with me... it would make it easier for her to leave that man.
You were there from the beginning, right?
What do you think will happen?
He might be more understanding since he can see the same things... but do you think that you'll be able to leave the man you love behind?
If someone like me who sees and hears useless things remain next to a man who only does what he wants, and hears what he wants... he won't be able to live his life in peace.
You're leaving much quicker than I expected.
If I was any later, I could've missed you completely.
I thought you were going to let me go.
Did you come to capture me? Did you really think that I'd just let you go?
You said that you believed me in front of my uncle.
If I was to capture you as the co-conspirator... Chief Secretary Kim, who's trying to protect his only niece, will be hurt.
The secret agent that my father sent to keep an eye on me is quite good so I was thinking of having him turn you over to the police.
But I'm not going to do that.
Let's you and I see this thing through right here, right now.
Give me back my necklace.
And... get lost.
You seem to be convinced that I'm the culprit.
Did that woman, Tae Gong Shil, hear something from Hee Joo?
Don't involve that woman in this.
Do you want to die and be reunited with Hee Joo?
If that's what you want, I can arrange for that to happen.
That woman must be very special to you.
Have you completely forgotten about Cha Hee Joo?
Waiting fifteen long years to see you is proving to be in vain.
What was this whole thing? Were you trying to approach me again like how you and Hee Joo tried to do in the past?
I guess seduction wasn't your forte.
Even though you were her twin, I've never once been interested in you.
Then I'll tell you the truth... Joo Joong Won.
Cha Hee Joo isn't the woman that you were in love with.
It was her older twin sister...
Han Na.
I'm leaving.
Help me. I'm sorry.
My first love... wasn't Cha Hee Joo... so it was you?
Hee Joo could only watch you from afar... so Han Na pretended to be Hee Joo, and started talking to you in her place.
You're Joo Joong Won, right?
My name is Cha Hee Joo.
Han Na was a girl who shone brightly as if she had the whole world within her grasp.
Ultimately, she got you.
The person that the dark and tragic Hee Joo had desperately wanted for herself.
But in the end, she lost that too.
Hee Joo ended up getting very angry.
That's why she did what she did.
I'm sorry for all this.
Joo Joong Won.
Hee Joo, Han Na. That was something that the two of you planned and did together.
Cha Hee Joo did that all on her own.
Han Na would never do something like that. She was an angel.
Try to remember. The girl whom you were in love with.
One of the two ended up dying. You saw it, didn't you?
You witnessed the moment of her death.
But, which of the girls do you think is dead?
Was it Han Na... or Hee Joo?
Who are you?
- Are you Cha Hee Joo?
- I told you, I'm sweet Han Na.
It was that bitch, Cha Hee Joo, who died.
That's the truth you've known for the past 15 years, isn't it?
You said that the dead girl was a bitch.
It would be too much of a tragedy if it was the nice girl that had died.
You're...
Cha Hee Joo, aren't you?
Cha Hee Joo is going to die here.
If not, then I'm going to kill Joo Joong Won.
Please.
I need you to die as Cha Hee Joo.
I told you that I'm... the nice and sweet Han Na.
I'm the same Han Na whom you used to be in love with. That's why I've returned to you.
I thought that once I've returned... you'd fall in love with me again.
But you already got another woman stuck by your side.
No, you're not it. - You're a fake.
- Why are you acting like this now?
You were too involved in your own scars that you never once tried to find out or understand why that girl ended up dying.
If you just keep on believing the truth you've known... you'll be able to live your life in peace.
Are you saying... that she really ended up dying... because of me?
That's right. She died because of you.
I'm Han Na.
You don't believe me?
Even if you don't...there's no way you can prove it otherwise.
Whatever the case...
I'm sorry for all this.
I'm sorry for all this. - Joo Joong Won. - Joo Joong Won.
Cha Hee Joo.
What... did you just call me?
Cha Hee Joo.
It's me, Hee Joo.
The one and only person who knows that you're the real Cha Hee Joo.
It must have been nice for you to be living as Han Na Brown in my place?
What do you think that you're doing right now?
I borrowed this woman's body because I wanted to talk to you face to face.
This is absurd.
Get away from me.
You don't believe me?
Should I tell you what the last words you said to me?
'Cha Hee Joo is going to die here.'
'If not, I'm going to kill Joo Joong Won.'
'Please. I need you to die as Cha Hee Joo.'
I died as you, and I allowed you to live as me.
Why have you come back, Hee Joo?
Are you... really Han Na?
I stole this woman's body so that I could come see you.
Hee Joo. Should we leave together?
Cha Hee Joo stole Han Na Brown's life... but I can come back to life again by stealing this woman's life.
I died because of you. Isn't that right?
You can bring me back to life again.
Help me. We're sisters.
Okay. Let's leave together.
Just like how Cha Hee Joo has been living as Han Na Brown... you can live your life as Tae Gong Shil.
I'll help you.
And we'll never come near Joo Joong Won again.
This is great.
Because I really didn't like seeing that woman by his side.
Once that woman disappears... Joo Joong Won will be alone.
The rumor about Joo Joong Won being cursed by Cha Hee Joo... I've always liked that rumor.
I guess I'll be leaving him behind with another curse.
Don't run away just because you're afraid.
That's humiliating.
You could've just stayed away, and never come back.
You could've also just left without telling him anything.
So, why did you tell him everything?
Did you want to torment Joong Won?
I thought that I could have him if I came back as Han Na.
But he told me that I was a fake.
He recognized that you weren't the girl that he was in love with.
I know. I'm not Han Na, whom he was in love with.
What is it?
We're in middle of an operation.
Joong Won doesn't know who you really are.
I know. Because he's never met the real Cha Hee Joo.
But my name will forever remain in his heart as his curse. Cha Hee Joo.
Yes, it is you.
That's right. Since I'm the real Cha Hee Joo.
Han Na... I heard that you said you wanted to protect me?
Let's go, Han Na. I'll protect you.
The late Han Na said she wanted to protect Hee Joo, who's still living.
Even though she's been unfairly framed, and getting shafted on the deal.
In other words... it's all about sacrifice, devotion, and love.
But even at the end, you never realized that, Cha Hee Joo.
You.
You're not Han Na, are you?
- You dared to deceive me?
- You caused Han Na's death.
And you deceived everyone. You did all that. Didn't you, Cha Hee Joo?
There's no evidence to support your story.
Hee Joo.
You left something... besides the girl who lost her life.
Luckily, we still have two days left until the statute of limitation is up. Cha Hee Joo.
What I really stole... isn't this necklace, but it was Han Na's life.
But no one knows that.
I'm sorry for all this, Han Na.
My older twin sister.
Hee Joo.
I will... remain with you by your side.
It's all over, Tae Gong Shil.
It really is all over.
Um, Hee Joo... I mean, Han Na says there's one last message that she'd like for me to pass along.
You have something you'd like to say to her too, don't you?
Joong Won. I hope that I no longer... remain as a source of pain to you.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for having hated you without knowing the truth.
I'm sorry.
Why are you crying?
I'm crying for you in your place since you're not good at crying.
My ten billion won radar. That was a huge thing you just did.
Let's go. I'll treat you.
I'm... leaving.
I feel so much better now that I was able to resolve Cha Hee Joo's case before I leave.
It's a relief to know that I wasn't completely useless to you.
Leave? Leave to go where?
I've met someone who can see and hear the same things that I do.
I told that person that we'll be leaving somewhere together.
When you came to see me as a spirit... you told me that I shone brightly as the sun.
I think... that I'm a sun that should only shine brightly for those who are dead.
I just... want to shine brightly and be popular only amongst the ghosts.
But when I'm with you...
I feel like I'm an unlucky sun who makes people die... and it makes me fear and hate myself.
So, it's not just that you're slightly disappointed when I'm not around... but I actually make you fear and hate yourself?
I don't want to remain by your side only to become that kind of a sun.
Please tell me to just get lost and out of your life now.
The only reason why I was able to... tell you to get lost all this time without any fear... was because I knew without a doubt... that you'd come back to me and rise again as the sun in my life.
I'll give it a try... and do as you wish me to do.
Get lost... my sun.
If the sun walks out of my life like this... it's... going to destroy me.
Subtitles by DramaFever
Subtitles brought to you by The I See Dead People Team@Viki.
I guess it is you, Tae Gong Shil.
I was so surprised, too, that I thought I was seeing a ghost.
Is your radar still working?
Can you still see ghosts?
Is your company a ghost?
Were you in the middle of having one [drink] with one?
I didn't want to meet you like this.
There aren't any ghosts. I can't see them anymore.
Really?
Yes.
That's why you can stop with the ghosts.
Have you been well?
Would someone who's curious as to how I've been doing not contact me and only meet in a place like this, under these kind of circumstances?
I have been curious.
I was wondering if I should go see you.
So you at least were able to wonder about it.
I have been well.
I traveled here and there, too.
I have changed.
You look like you've changed.
CEO!
Has everyone from the Sejin group arrived?
Yes, they just arrived here, including Miss Park.
Tell them that an important meeting has become longer and that I'll be a little late.
Yes.
You're here for an appointment.
Yes, a meeting that holds a lot of money.
For each second it pays 100 million in sales. I'm giving this time to you.
Is Secretary Kim no longer with you?
Because of his age, he shouldn't work outside the office.
Oh, Miss Park of the Sejin group, that's the girl you were engaged to before, right?
Yes.
I'm going to hold hands with her (join with her in business) and open a Kingdom in Shanghai.
I guess you'll make a lot of money then.
I guess I've met you at the wrong time if you're trying to make a lot of money.
Around next month, I'm going to be leaving for China for several years, so the timing is just right.
While I was traveling abroad, though it's not as much as you,
I managed to make some money, too.
I was so loaded with money I invested it.
So I even bought a house in England.
Seeing as you're bragging about your money, I'll congratulate you.
But... can you really not see them (ghosts) anymore?
Yes, I can't see them anymore.
So, after you broke free of them, did you enjoy being alone?
Yes, now that I am free, I'm enjoying myself a bit. It's true.
Well, that is something to brag about, so I guess you should at least have one.
I have a meeting soon so I'm sorry I can't drink with you.
Congratulations on turning off your radar.
I guess everything's okay because nothing comes up.
Why?
Is it still true that you are afraid to take a drink because you dread that something will emerge?
Don't you feel like confirming whether you are free of ghosts or not?
No, it's fine.
I told you I've changed now.
I guess so.
Congratulations, really.
Thank you.
I have a strong sense of money. The timing is good.
Let's see each other again at a good time.
If you find a good timing, were you really thinking of coming to see me?
Yes. I did have that thought.
I'll be going first.
She's gotten better, but she's not looking at me.
Final Episode
Don't follow me!
You said you drank and even crashed.
Why would you come crying to me to buy you a drink at a time like this?
That person, without seeing any ghosts, wanted to see Tae Gong Shil, not the radar or anything like that.
Because of you everything got ruined.
Miss, are you okay?
If you're not feeling well, should I open a window?
Mister, take me to Mang-uri.
I thought you said that you're going to Seodaemun.
I must go to Mang-uri.
Before I go, I have to buy a garden shear.
Where will I be able to buy one?
A shear?
Why?
A tree branch keeps poking me.
I have to cut it off.
Are you drunk?
There's no tree branch!
Mister, have you ever lived in the ground?
Oh, that scared me!
What, what, what?
Mister, stop the car!
Tae Gong Shil, forget about the timing and get off.
Is she your girlfriend?
That's perfect.
I can't go.
Take this wasted woman and get her out of here.
Let's go to Mang-uri.
[A ghost] came in.
Go away!
 Can you hear my heart? 
 Can you see my tears? 
If you fled because of the ghost,
 in this one world  -then
I'll let that slide, Tae Gong Shil.
 I need it to be you. 
 Why are you making me go crazy? 
 Why are you making me cry? 
 When you get close enough for me to hold your hand, you get further away like the wind 
Tae Yang, are you awake?
You're wondering how much you must want to sleep with this man to dream a dream like this, right?
Since you're already dreaming, do you feel it's a waste since it's so plain?
I don't want to even if the sun is up.
Should I cooperate?
Come here.
What happened?
Why am I here?
You've really changed, Tae Gong Shil.
The same Tae Yang that stuck to me like glue, you at least ask, "What happened to me?"
I'm asking you what happened!
I'm sure I was in a taxi-
You're were drunk and were basically taken over.
The taxi you rode, I followed.
And I picked you up after you got kicked out of the taxi for making a mess.
Was I okay?
I wasn't okay.
Yesterday, you seduced in many different ways.
Mister, ice cream, please!
Ice cream, please!
Ice cream!
I want more.
No more. If you eat more our Gong Shil will get a stomachache.
She'll get sick, and get a fat belly.
No!
Who are you now?
From the pose, it's not a dog.
Meow!
-Meow!
There was an old cat living downstairs, I guess it left [dead].
It seems it left [died]
Come down!
Look at that!
Last time, a dog came and ripped my cushion.
What should I throw at you?
Meow!
Darling.
That's my skincare, not alcohol.
It's to apply on the skin, you can't drink it.
I'm so lonely tonight.
Don't leave me alone.
Hey, Parisian.
If I touch you, you'll be forced to leave [her body]. I can't give you what you want.
It's hard for me to even hold hands and sleep!
Just be satisfied with sleeping separately.
No?
Do you need me to speak in French for you?
No, go away.
I'm really going crazy.
I really need to hold it in, too.
By any chance, yesterday did I say something weird after I drank alcohol?
I see that, during the time you were gone, you developed voluptuousness which you didn't have.
You got drunk and kept coming at me daringly, but it's not like I could respond to that.
Sleeping with just holding hands was really hard.
I was just a drunk easy girl?
You were just drunk.
Whoever drinks gets drunk.
Yesterday, you were just a drunk Tae Gong Shil.
I'm relieved.
Sorry.
Tae Gong Shil! Tae Gong Shil!
I'll bring you water.
CEO, I missed you.
Since you can still see things like that, did you miss your hideout?
It's absolutely not that.
I just really, really, really missed you a lot.
But I still see ghosts.
I couldn't find a way to live as a normal person.
So, that's why you didn't come to me?
I've been getting ready to seduce you.
After becoming an awesome and normal woman,
I'll show up in front of you and you'll fall for me.
And after you fall for me,
"I still see ghosts."
I wanted to tell you this.
I was already into you, so what's so important about what comes first and last?
It's important!
I didn't want to meet you again as a girl with a radar who hangs onto her hideout.
I even made a lot of the money you like.
I'm sorry I caused a ruckus.
Thank you for the tea.
Hey, easy woman!
Usually, when you spend a night at a man's house, shouldn't you easily give him your number, and ask when you can meet him again and make your time easily available?
What do you mean, make everything available?
I'm not an easy woman.
Okay, then I'll correct it.
Arrogant Tae Gong Shil. Since I knew you arrogantly wouldn't give me your number,
I took it on my own.
When I call you politely, DO NOT not get it, arrogantly pushing me away.
or else I'm going to spread a rumor saying that you're easy.
Don't call me.
I'll do it. I've decided on that.
Well, you said what comes first and last is important, so I'll do that considering myself being understanding and caring.
Can I send you texts?
Well, if you want.
Thank you.
I'll be leaving then.
Tae Gong Shil, try hard to seduce me.
Do everything you can.
Oh, I must've been fine after drinking.
Yeah, there hasn't been anything that has been going in and out lately.
Oh, what a relief.
Okay, I'll bring him with me.
Tae Gong Shil!
What about Joong Won?
I don't think he's in a condition to go work out.
Really?
What happened to Joong Won yesterday?
He even canceled that important meeting with the Sejin group.
I don't know, but he had a Bang Shil (Gong Shil) kind of smile. (bang shil is also an expression for smile)
It seems to me that he isn't going to any other woman [besides Gong Shil].
It's been a year since he's seen Bang Shil (Gong Shil).
If he doesn't see her for another year, he'll forget her.
I guess CEO Joo will only have things to smile "bang shil, bang shil" over from now on.
Bang Shil, fighting!
All of a sudden I'm not liking that "Bang Shil, fighting!" at all.
Yes.
Since Joong Won's not going, I don't want to go either.
My body condition is not that great either.
You're not going?
When I look at you, it looks as if CEO Joo is in front of me.
For now, it is.
My Joong Won is first and you're second.
I guess I need a kid, so that I'll have someone to side with me.
It's a joke, a joke.
What's that at our age. Let's just love together.
Bang Shil! Bang Shil! Bang Shil!
I love you.
Honey!
Okay, Gong Shil, I'll go right after I'm done!
Tae Gong Shil came back?
Why?
So you can release your cheap mouth again?
After becoming Team Leader, my mouth has become very luxurious.
Asking me when you already know...
Anyway, don't go around blabbering about it everywhere.
Whatever Gong Shil does, I'm on her side.
But if the Master knows, he'll go crazy.
After Special Customer Service's Tae Yang left Kingdom's Master Joo, there's a huge rumor that he's a bit out of his mind.
There have been multiple instances of him sitting on a bench alone and talking to himself.
Gong Shil ruined a person.
If she made a man like that, she ought to take responsibility.
Gong Ri, you should take responsibility of me.
Why would I?
All those nights,
We were like that and this.
And you lifted me up and down and up and down... That's what--
Those light lips.
Why are you talking about such things so loudly?
Since your sister is back, you'll formally introduce me, right?
Meet my family, and before it gets colder make a mark (marry) and take responsibility for me.
Well, then do as you please.
When we do get married, Chief Kang should MC our wedding.
Well, since he's not my Chief anymore, I'll ask Kang Woo hyung to do it for me.
And the celebratory song will naturally go to Tae Yi Ryeong.
Then, it'll be a blow. We will be the couple of a century.
Han Ju-lina Gong Li. Something like that.
Will they even do it for us?
We'll be able to use Tae Yi Ryeong just by mentioning Kang Woo's name.
I hoped that our Gong Shil would do well with Chief Kang, but he fell for little sun.
But if Kang Woo gets to know that Tae Gong Shil returned,
I wonder if he'll go back to his Lorelei.
I'm worried about that, too.
Why are you worrying about that?
Cake, eat the cake.
It's sweet. You too.
Tae Yi Ryeong, you make your own manager into a paparazzi.
This... this-!
Why is this woman stuck onto a guard?
Why are all diplomats' wives so pretty?
Why did you take pictures?
It's me, Kang Woo!
Yi Ryeong's manager?
Hey, Dog Manners.
Move to a place filled with ahjussis rather than the Diplomatic Service.
Hey, black whiskered whale.
Do you want to swallow up and get rid of all the girls around me?
Yeah.
I still don't have confidence that I'm the only fish in your aquarium.
Whenever we meet, we always meet in a place where no one's around for such a short time.
Shouldn't I feel anxious?
That's because you're Tae Yi Ryeong.
Because this is protecting you in your position.
Kang Woo.
Did you just say that you were going to protect me?
You said you were going to protect me, okay.
Why?
Because that means your heart is mine now.
I guess a black whiskered whale really has no sense.
I think it's been a while, but you say it's now. How disappointing.
Just to make sure. If I'm for real, watch a movie with me.
A movie?
We watched a movie already.
Not the night movies.
Let's see it at a film festival.
A film festival?
The red carpet...
I'm asking you to go see a movie with me after passing through it arm-in-arm.
That way I can show the whole Pacific that you're mine.
As expected, a black whiskered whale is too burdensome for me.
Red carpet is too much.
It's a path you must pass through to protect me.
I'm someone who has to stand on that path.
Can't you stay by my side?
Right, your side is that kind of place.
But while standing on a path that doesn't suit me,
I wonder if I can keep standing to protect you properly.
Let's go together. Yes?
I told you to stay with me now.
Why are you coming back here?
I've tried going to other places before getting this place, but... this place is the most comfortable.
Do you still see things?
It's not that you don't see them anymore because you were with Yoo Jin Woo?
That's not it.
But I think I know now how I came to be like this.
Where is he now?
He's still abroad, but he's coming back to Korea soon.
You're going to stay here now, right?
I'm staying here.
Unni, I'm going to buy this place.
You did say you made a lot of money, but that much?
When I was in Europe, when I was staying at a haunted house filled with ghosts,
I talked the ghosts into getting the house, renovating it, and then I sold it, and made lots of profit!
If you earn a lot, why buy here?
I'm comfortable here.
And I think it's a good place to study.
And someone said he would at least take a look at me if this building is mine.
Is the building owner okay with the idea of selling it?
There was a change of ownership in Eunha Study Motel around last year.
When I told him about your intention to buy it, he did agree to meet you.
Yeah?
He won't call too high of a price, will he?
Well...
Oh, here he comes.
Secretary Kim?
It's been a long time, Tae Yang.
You're still really bright.
But what are you doing here?
I'm the agent for the owner of Eunha Study Motel.
Then, the new owner is...
Yes, I bought that place.
It's in the land which K Group and L Group are planning to develop together, so I'm holding onto it.
You ignored all my texts asking you when you were going to call me, but came to see me just to find out the building price?
So to buy it, you're saying I have to give you a lot of money?
I'm just saying that.
When are you going to make the phone call?
I thought I would be able to buy it at the market price.
Money's a little short.
You're not possibly thinking about going abroad again to make more money, are you?
Rather than doing that, you have the phone number of the building owner in your phone. Call that number.
If you sweet-talk him well, he might give you a discount.
I know him well. He's a complete patsy.
I won't call yet.
When you decide how much you want for the building, have Secretary Kim contact me.
I'm going.
Reply at least when I text you.
Yes.
Didn't you say the reason why you bought the building was because someone said she found the rooftop there most comfortable?
Investment purpose is the first priority.
When someone came back, she might prefer to rest there than Yangpyeong villa.
She says she has decided. It's just the order is random.
It's really hard to follow her way of things.
You're not the type of person who would readily go by the set order, though.
Waiting when there's something you must have.
I thought you didn't do that kind of thing.
I was like that originally.
Can I do that?
You had asked me to advise you while beside you.
You may cheat if it only involves pushing her forward a bit.
Bravo.
Do you have the result from the regular check up?
Yes.
I haven't been feeling well lately.
I'm ready for any bad news, but I hope it's not a serious disease.
Please tell me what it is.
Madam, you're pregnant.
You're at 5 weeks. Congratulations.
Me?
At my age...
I'm pregnant?
When I was younger, I thought I couldn't have children.
But I have it at this age?
Considering your age and having a natural abortion in the past, it would need a lot of effort on your part to keep the baby.
I don't have much confidence to bring myself to make such effort.
In a difficult situation like this, if the mother doesn't make an effort...
Will I lose it?
You came from the hospital?
Are the test result not good?
No. They're fine, there's no problem.
That's a relief.
Then the 5 year wedding anniversary trip. We can go, right?
That...
The activities planned are pretty dynamic, right?
Yeah, it will be fun.
We get to fly an aircraft, and ride a horse on a field in Mongolia.
I packed it full of things you like to do and got them ready for you.
I will be full of thrill and dangerous.
Oh, why?
You don't want to?
No.
I want to live the rest of my life freely with you.
Seong Ran.
I love you. (He speaks informally first, then formally by adding 'yo')
My plan of surprising him keeps hitting the block.
Ahjussi.
You're still here?
It has been a long time.
Have you been well?
Tae Gong Shil.
Ahjussi, you weren't talking to me.
We're at a stage where you pretend you didn't see me.
Why?
Do you want to bargain over the building price?
While we're eating...
I ate lunch though.
Is that right?
Then how about spending the time in-between somewhere and do it over dinner?
I have a dinner appointment with my sis tonight.
I, too, have a lot of people who want to eat with me.
You know my aunt keeps calling me and tries to set me up with someone who will make a sweet home with me.
Lately I get so many of these appointments.
Despite that, are you just going to leave me alone?
So, how many times have you eaten so far?
Yes, it's a more useful question than asking about the building price.
How many should I say to provoke a very aggressive response from you?
You did it, huh?
I knew it.
Well, did you say something like you're going to China holding that Sejin Group woman's hand?
You're worried, aren't you?
That's why now is not the time to do things in order.
Just ignore the order and, for now, seduce first.
Making a call?
I'll let it slip.
Did I, by any chance, say something to you while drunk that day?
Yes.
You told me about all those nice plans.
So carry them out.
I don't care whether or not you can still see that Ahjussi who's sitting there.
You know that I can still see them?
Yes.
Do you still hate yourself for doing that?
Ahjussi.
Really, ghosts always interfere at the most important moments.
What's wrong?
Ahjusshi is moving.
Where are you going, ahjusshi?
Just a minute. I thought you said that ahjussi never moved?
That's right.
Ahjusshi, where are you going?
I have to go.
This ahjusshi is my friend.
I'm going too.
Seriously, we can't talk without the mention of a ghost.
Ahjusshi.
Tae Gong Shil.
It will be a truly satisfying wedding for you.
Yes, it's nice.
It would be really nice to get married here.
Right, Mom?
That must be his wife and daughter.
It seems they're here to check out the daughter's wedding hall.
I guess so.
Ahjussi. Have you not been able to leave because you're still worried about your wife and daughter?
No?
He says no?
Her dad passed away 3 years ago.
It's because of that lottery.
Lottery?
He always bought the same combination of numbers for the lottery.
But miraculously that combination won the first prize.
Did he get a heart attack while being too happy?
He lost the lottery ticket.
He said he threw it away while throwing away trash from his wallet.
I told him, although it's really disappointing, there's nothing we can do.
But he was sick for several months, and his blood pressure wasn't good from the beginning, so he ended up passing away.
Is this where he threw it away?
So that's why he couldn't leave this place and just stayed here.
Even though he passed away, because it was too disappointing.
If he had the money, he could take care of his daughter's college loan, and the wedding, and his wife didn't have to go through such hardship, he says.
If it was the first prize, it must have been truly disappointing.
Your daughter is very pretty and nice.
And your wife also said she's so happy to get to have a really good son-in-law.
Even without the money, the people you love are living happily.
So know that they are happy, and it's okay for you to go.
It's nice here, but it's too expensive, Mom.
I'll have (the wedding) where we picked out.
But your dad wanted you to have your wedding at the best place we could get.
If you two are okay with it, then I guess it's okay.
Oh, Mr. CEO.
I haven't properly introduced myself.
I'm Kingdom's CEO, Joo Joong Won
Oh my. You are?
Your late father and husband was a very close acquaintance of mine.
In deeper sense, he was my benefactor.
He was?
Dad was?
As a small token of gratitude,
I would like to help with your wedding.
Please accept it with a good heart.
Please make a reservation for the wedding hall per the time and date these two ladies prefer.
And prepare the most luxurious ceremony and reception.
As for the dress...
If you're okay with it, We Kingdom would like to get it ready for you. Would you be okay with that?
Please get them ready.
Yes.
There are a lot of dresses, so please take your time.
They're so nice.
It's so pretty.
Dad, thank you.
I still see ghosts.
Are you saying the time you were gone was meaningless?
You said you changed.
It does look like you have different mind now. What happened?
I visited the places where I was wandering around as a spirit per Yoo Jin Woo's guide.
My spirit, while wandering around those many places, met other spirits that were gathered around him, I learned.
And the reason why I came to see ghosts when I came back alive after wandering around as a spirit, was because it was what I had promised.
That I, who can go back and live again, would relay those powerless hearts that remained,
I made countless promises.
It was those promises that made me shine brightly.
When I woke up, I only hated and feared myself who suddenly saw and heard them, but not any more.
Because it was the promises that I made to be their shining sun.
I neither hate or fear myself who's keeping those promises.
You really have changed.
Being next to Yoo Jin Woo, I also learned how to control spirits that just barge in.
If our eyes meet and they barge in, I would hold my breath, or something like that.
He's been seeing spirits for much longer than I am, so he taught me a lot of things.
Do you think she's stepped into the right path?
Don't you feel anything while watching Gong Shil?
You have to go back, too.
You're like that because you don't want to take the college entrance exam when you go back, right?
Life is a test.
It's not something you can't avoid even if you try.
Go back.
And just like Gong Shil, follow your own path.
You, Tae Gong Shil.
You only had ghost counseling with that photographer, right?
You didn't get attracted to the guiding sign the same way you liked the safety shelter, right?
Well, you were always eating around with your aunt, weren't you?
I didn't eat.
Do you know how much I endured and starved because of you?
Oh, really?
Then, do you want to eat with me sometime?
Right now?
I'll call you.
That talk about calling. Do it fast. Why aren't you calling after saying you would seduce me?
Are you tantalizing me?
To test my patience?
You just go to that ahjussi.
What are you talking about a ghost again in this important moment?
You said you were friends with him.
Do you want to see him sitting next to that trashcan everyday?
Since you're his friend, go and try dealing with him well.
Tae Gong Shil really has changed.
Seeing her skill of lifting me up and down... She's totally become a real wicked thing.
Call me!
You've come back after all?
Yes. I've come back.
Are you planning to really lift him up and down?
I'm planning to hold him tight and stay by his side.
You've changed, Miss Tae Gong Shil.
Yes.
I see that you, too, have changed.
I haven't changed.
My stance that I don't really like you is still the same.
Not that...
You're holding another soul.
You...
You can tell such things, too?
It's a very weak soul.
You should protect it well.
Don't let anyone know.
Don't tell Joong Won, either.
I haven't decided what to do (with it) yet.
Making a choice and protecting something is a difficult thing to do.
Even if you've made a choice, no one knows what comes after that as well.
Even when you"ve made a very difficult decision, it might put you in a more difficult situation.
Because bearing someone with love doesn't always bring you happiness.
The choice is for each one to make.
Are you now talking about you and Joong Won, or me and the baby in my belly?
I'm just talking about a person loving another.
The heart that hasn't been born yet, and the heart that has already left as well, a person's heart that has to embrace all these is the most difficult, I think.
I'll help your daughter have a splendid wedding, so watch that, and go now.
And don't think about the lotto ticket you supposedly threw away in here.
To be honest, would that be more precious than what I lost?
If I grab and marry Sejin Group's daughter or etc., the lotto prize amount?
You can't even compare them. But you see
I don't miss losing it at all.
You're right.
I do miss a little bit, but I threw them away without any lingering thought.
Because the woman I love is the sun who is risen up there.
Isn't it incredible?
As a compliment that it's incredible, please spin it around once.
She doesn't just shine, only to dead people like you.
I'm seriously blinded by her brightness.
I want to get married faster than your daughter. Do you think it's doable?
I'm asking if it will be possible.
But what's for sure is that if you choose love, you won't be lonely.
Jump!
Give a kiss to mommy.
Because the moments when you meet the others's eyes, and eat with the others, and smile for them will compensate for going through all troubles to protect love.
If I lose it,
I will never know what it would be like forever, right?
Hey Kids!
Noona!
Are you guys moving?
Yeah. We're going to a house with two bedrooms!
Really?
Your mom must've worked really hard for you guys.
Are you living here again?
Yeah.
What about the special ahjussi?
What should I do with him?
Should I take him in?
But you can't do without him.
That ahjussi also seemed he couldn't do without you.
He couldn't even read.
He can read now.
But it's true that he can't do without me.
Kang Woo!
You've come back?
Yes, I came back.
Are you here to see me because you found out I was here?
No.
I promised them I would help them with moving.
You help, too.
We worked hard, so let's have a drink for that.
Have you been doing well?
I saw an article about you and Yi Ryeong.
When I'm with her, it's always a photo studio.
It would be so.
Come to think of it, the little sun is also the sun living with difficulty because there are so many that follow her.
You should protect her well.
She always acts as she pleases, so it's hard to set up a parameter (around her).
That's why you, who're so talented at protecting someone, is the perfect match.
Tae Gong Shil. You don't seem to be scared or insecure anymore.
That's because, to come back to the one I love,
I gathered all the lights I could, and worked hard to be the most bright sun.
You remember making a toast here to become a great person?
I'll commend you for becoming a great person by gathering up your strength.
Thanks, Kang Woo.
You, too, gather up your strength to protect the famous little sun.
For now, I don't know if I have enough courage.
I have to pass, through the red path that I've never thought of.
I'm a little scared.
Even I, who see ghosts, gathered up strength.
As for you, gather up your courage.
Here.
Thanks.
I searched for more things to do on the trip.
Bungee jump sounds good. You come down with the bungee.
Wind surfing looks good, too.
And the skydiving, it looks good.
Honey.
I... am about to get up big courage.
Skydiving...
Do you think you can do it?
I can't do skydiving, flying an aircraft or riding a horse in Mongolia.
Why?
You don't like the idea of 5 year anniversary trip?
I... have to have a baby.
What do you need to have...?
Around 50 years of age...
At the 5 year wedding anniversary... a 5 week old fetus, is in here.
Honey.
Honey.
Will I, who get confused about your name being Seok Cheol or Cheol Seok, because I'm old, be able to have it (the baby)?
I love you.
Since I have you,
I'll try my best.
Help, with all you can.
Cheol Seok's mom.
Aihyoo.
Was it too much to ask as expected?
I try to visualize you
Kang Woo...
That's right.
The scary red path.
I'll try walking on it with you.
If you get scared, hold me.
I'll hold on to you tight, so you won't get lost.
Okay.
Here it is.
Now,
Eunha Study Motel building is yours.
But CEO seriously didn't give me any discount.
At least he didn't raise the price.
This really is the best investment property. It's very trustworthy information.
He put out the condition with his own mouth, "If this building is yours, I'll at least take a look at you."
So I satisfied the basic condition, right?
Tae Yang.
When I first met you, and from the first day I brought CEO to the study motel, I was on your side.
If you hadn't stopped the car then,
I would not have been able to come this far.
Thank you.
Seeing Master falling for you was like my child growing up well under the sun, so I felt really good.
Even if he doesn't listen, or even if he acts proud or says things too bluntly, cut him some slack and always stay by his side.
French lady. Are you, by chance, still here?
Wondering if she'll call me or not today...
Should I continue to put up with this, or not?
Sun of death
Be patient. I'll pick up after 5 rings at least.
One...
You call me so fast after getting my number.
Were you waiting?
Yes.
Continuously looking at the phone and thinking of me?
Yes. I've totally fallen for your scheme.
Mr. Joo Joong Won. If that's the case, I want to formally invite you to my house.
Will you come?
An invitation?
Yes, an invitation. I have something to say to you, too.
You really do this in a standard way. Make an arrangement, and send an invitation.
And when our eyes meet, I fall for you. Is that what you're expecting?
Yes. You know how I followed the standard procedure from the time when I got the part time job.
Will you come to me?
Then, I, too, will formally accept it.
I'll be coming. Wait for me, Miss Tae Gong Shil. (speaking formally)
What should I do first?
Wash up first.
Wash up.
Make it as provocative as possible.
Tae Gong Shil, fighting!
Into provocative clothes!
I ignored your taste, and prepared it in a very special and sweet manner.
I guess you don't know that I changed, but lately, I like sweet things very much.
It's fine. I like it.
Ah!
This building is mine.
Making your own fortune at a young age.
I don't know with what ability, but you did accumulate quite a big fortune.(speaking formally)
This land is worth a lot of money.
I admire you.(speaking formally)
Sit down.
Here.
Wait.
To say this in advance before I have a drink,
I have a drinking habit.
Is that so?
When I'm drink, occasionally, very occasionally, I become another person, or another thing.
When that happens, don't be shaken too much, and just touch me lightly.
I understand the precautions very well.
And as you might notice while we talk,
I might look other way or say things off-topic.
When that happens, just think that she suddenly has to be on the phone because of an urgent call.
You should get it if you get a sudden, urgent call. I understand.
I... have my own world which you can never see or hear.
I might sink in there and end up crying or become sad.
You probably won't understand me, but think she's just like that and be easy on me.
In any relationship, there are no instances where one understands the other's world completely.
Even if I ignore you because I don't understand, just think he's like that anyway, and be easy on me.
I might make it hard for you or cause you troubles when I'm next to you, but I don't want to be sad and lonely without you.
I'm going to come to you and be by your side.
Because you're very special to me.
I love you. I'll give you lots of love by your side.
I'm Tae Gong Shil. Tae Yang (Sun).
Can I rise up beside you?
Is that the main dialogue of this invitation?
Then I cannot accept this meeting as your invitation.
An invitation is something where I drop by for a moment and leave.
I have no intention to do that.
I'm going to live continuously by your side.
I have never once let you go.
Because Tae Gong Shil is my sun without which the earth will be destroyed.
Thanks for never letting me go.
 Even if we don't touch, it's okay.
Evenif we don'thug ,it'sokay .
Lonelylove. Yes ,Ilove youasIwasdestined to.
 I can feel you. 
Things are going to be a lot more difficult from now on, but I don't know what to do or how to do things.
You just stay by my side. When I, the old one, have it safely, you, the young one, raise it.
Of course. As soon as it comes out of you, put me in charge of everything.
 I'm visualizing you. 
 The moments right now. 
 You to me; me to you, 
 What does it mean? 
 I, to you, 
 Being comforting without sadness. 
RememberI'llalwayswill behere. 
 It seems to me and you... 
Are you alright?
Once I put my foot out there, it's not that scary.
Kang Woo. Is it all right if I kiss you here?
Black whiskered whale. That's just...
I'll do it later.
You promised. Do it really passionately.
There are so many couples.
How many of them would be true soul mates?
Just one, us.
Well... I'm not quite sure if you're my soul mate.
You can't tell?
Give me your hand.
When there's an uproar here?
Well, I don't know...
I told you we're perfect soul mates. Can't you tell?
I know right?
How nice it will be if you have the ability, to tell who's your lifetime soul mate just by touching here like this?
But there's no way there are such things, so even if I happen meet the other soul mate somewhere,
I would just pass him by in most cases.
The ability to find out just by brushing against the tip of a hand. That would be nice.
Then, one should be able to not lose that special person no matter what kind of hardship he/she faces.
Just like us.
Kingdom?
Are you the CEO there?
It tingled!
Didn't it?
No.
It just tingled really strongly.
Really strongly, right?
Maybe, thanks to my special ability to see ghosts, I recognized the special person for me at once and caught him.
It's a very helpful ability. What would've happened if you couldn't see ghosts?
Here. I've decided.
Let's go to the next course.
Do we really need to go all the way to the East Sea to see the sunrise?
The sun rises up everywhere. Although we can't see now, it rose up in other neighborhoods, so what's with the sun that we have to go all the way there to see it?
What is this?
When was it that you asked it to specially rise up next to you, and you say it rises up everywhere now?
You vanished for over a year. How shameless you are.
You have an obligation to seduce me continuously. Seduce me here, right now.
There is a repertoire that I prepared to bewitch you.
Do just one more. Being patient and going along with what you prepared stops here. I'm going to do things my way next.
You know...
When I was in the U.S.,
I met Steve Jobs whom you wanted to meet.
Really?
Have you talked to him?
Yes. If he was alive, I think tomorrow's sun will be different.
Elaborate on that. And what?
I shouldn't tell you. Because the future has to do with the living.
But I'm special. Tell just me.
No, I can't.
Never mind, forget it!
Alright. Because you're special.
You know.. Steve Jobs is...
Really? And so...
Steve Jobs did a person...
And so...
No, I shouldn't. - I'm going to go home.
Just tell me!
- No, I can't.
Then, so that we won't fight, shall we finish what we were doing?
Hey. I'm looking for the call room.
Down that hall, hang a right.
Mozart.
29th symphony.
Who's conducting?
Dr. Hamza. It's brain surgery.
In c minor. Impressive.
Still, give me Dean Martin every time.
Thank you for the directions.
So, everything that you'll need to get you through the next few hours...
A survival kit. Thank you.
Saltine crackers, fruity lip balm.
Who are you calling a fruity lip balm?
Sour candies to absorb the toxicity.
Oh, Gatorade? Sudoku?
Our kids are almost identical.
See?
Great minds think alike, huh?
Guess you don't need me at all.
No, sweetheart.
You are exactly what I need.
Thank you for this.
Onwards to chemo.
If you're looking for the call room, you already passed it.
Well, Charlie Harris.
How'd you know?
Oh, same old Bishop.
Brilliant with a scalpel, lousy with directions.
Well, some things never change, like your handwriting.
Still chicken scratches.
That's what makes me so popular with the staff.
So, I guess the rumors about you joining us are true, then?
Yeah, after training in L.A.
Got tired of bleach-blond nurses and gunshot wounds, huh?
- Never a dull moment. - No, not with you around.
Buckle up...
Medics are coming in hot with two cirque performers who just fell 20 feet.
Illyana! Let's go.
Illyana!
Uh, Jeremy Bishop. It's my first day.
Zach Miller. Welcome.
So, what happened?
He fell off a trapeze?
Kind of fitting for your first day.
I'm more of a high wire myself.
Okay, on three. One, two, three.
All right, what's your name?
Kurt.
But you have to help her.
His aerial partner's a minute out.
Cirque de ciel, huh?
I used to date a girl from the Yorrick Company.
She was a contortionist.
Yeah, you're right... Some things don't change.
Illyana!
Illyana?
Relax, relax, relax.
- Please, I need to see her. - Just relax.
Calm down for me, Kurt, all right?
You guys got him?
Yeah!
Okay, 1 milligram of ketamine for the pain.
Okay, Kurt. Hey, hey, Kurt, Kurt, look at me.
Out of the way, please. Look at me. I need you to focus, okay?
Can you wiggle your fingers for me?
Now your toes.
That's very good. Okay, I need to reduce this hip.
All right, I'll stabilize.
Hey, bear with me, buddy.
That should give you enough torque.
Okay, relax. Relax your leg.
Kurt, I'm gonna be putting your hip back in place.
You're gonna feel some pain, followed by a pop, all right?
And like a glove.
You should put on some doctory clothes.
Greatest show on earth, right, Charlie?
Spine's intact, but... she's unresponsive.
I'll have her tested for brain death.
S04E08 Waiting on a Friend
- It's half past already. - I'm sorry!
We got back late from the cottage.
Um, we were supposed to study before rounds.
I know, but it was so hard to leave.
It was beautiful there.
Except for the mosquitoes. They were huge!
You should have seen the size of them.
They were like vampire bats.
And for whatever reason, they were only biting me.
You should see my back. I'm covered in bites.
I can't stop scratching.
Except some of them, I can't really reach 'cause they're in the middle of my back.
Would you mind rubbing this bite stuff on me?
Oh! Who are you? !
- I'm a doctor. - So am I!
Good! So why are we yelling? !
I want to be with her.
I'm... I'm sorry, that's - that's not possible.
She's gone. I know.
[Inhales sharply but I... I should be with her.
It's... it's not fair that she's alone.
Well, I'm...
I'm gonna make sure you have a chance to say a proper goodbye, all right?
I just need you to lift up your arm for me.
Kurt, did you know that Illyana had agreed to be an organ donor?
Yeah, of course. We signed our cards together.
Okay, well, of course, we're gonna need a final consent if there are any family members.
There aren't.
I'm her only family.
Well, Illyana is gonna be able to help more people today than she ever could have imagined.
What do you mean?
Illyana is a match for a patient waiting for a kidney transplant.
That patient's fiance wanted to donate his, but they weren't a match.
But Illyana is?
Yeah, it's... it's actually... It's even better than that.
The patient's fiance has agreed to... to give his kidney to someone else, and that patient's donor partner has also consented.
We call all of this a domino transplant.
Four people are gonna have a second shot at life today, and three people are willing to put their lives on the line... all because of Illyana.
Seriously, are you... Are you hearing this?
It's nothing. Um...
Okay, I'm... I'm gonna be back in a bit to, uh... to, um, put a proper cast on that.
So why don't you get some rest, okay?
- Shahir. - Hm?
Second aerial performer... Female, 26, brain death.
She's on life support.
That's awful, Alex.
She's an organ donor.
Who's O-neg with a 6 antigen match.
Shahir, she's the perfect donor for Terry Brown.
You're talking about the domino transplant?
When's the last time you saved four lives in a single day?
We'll need to organize our surgeries so the wait time for each recipient is as soon as possible.
They'll need to be off of dialysis and ready to go as soon as their organs arrive.
We'll also need a team to confirm that the recipients are prepped and in the O.R.
By the time their kidneys arrive.
This is Keith. He's our last recipient.
But he's in severe renal failure and can't travel to Hope Zion, so we will coordinate with St. Donald's to deliver his kidney.
This is all hands on deck.
I'm gonna bring in the junior residents.
Williams and Mirani will keep things moving.
We'll get Sekara to be our gopher for the day.
The most important thing to remember is, we've got one shot at this.
Seven surgeries.
Four harvest and three transplants in the next few hours before the final kidney goes to St. Donald's children's hospital.
If something goes wrong with one...
And the dominoes stop falling, so no screw-ups.
Everyone, Dr. Jeremy Bishop, our newest gen-surg on staff.
- I'm Alex. - Reid.
You need no introduction.
Charlie's told me a lot about you.
Thank you for diving in.
Some of our junior residents.
Check the board, make sure you know where...
How are the bug bites?
We'll be the first in the city to lead a multi-hospital domino transplant.
Doogie. How's it going?
Okay, Maggie, take Dev and start the first harvest.
Cassie and Asha, I'll need you to coordinate.
I'll be handling all of the transplants.
Dr. Bishop, want to do something fun today?
Giddyup.
Wait a sec.
Everybody huddle in. Come on.
"Domino" on three.
I've always wanted to do that.
What year is it?
Sorry?
The magazine.
Uh, 2003.
Why would we want to read articles from so many years ago?
You know, we're cancer patients, not historians.
Josh Lewis, professor of 18th-century poetry.
Or, well, I was until...
Has the, uh, has the nurse been in yet?
No. It's hurry up and wait.
Well, they have to test our blood first, so...
Yeah, make sure it's okay to poison it.
Yeah, the irony's not lost on me.
But, then, nothing about this place makes any sense.
I mean, I know...
let's get all the sick people, we'll put them in one place, and then have them treated by some semi-socialized beaker head with a God complex.
Sorry. Didn't catch your name.
Dana.
But most people around here call me Dr. Kinney.
Dr. Kinney.
Look at that.
What's the news, Dawson?
You're good to go.
Let's get you started on the docetaxel.
I'm a doctor, too.
Doctor of old poems.
You writing a book?
Trying to.
Thought I might have at least one great novel in me.
Although, now it turns out it might have to be a novella.
Or it might just be, you know, a professional hazard.
Teaching all that great literature, making me think I can do it, too.
Speaking of professional hazards...
Doctor becomes a patient, huh?
All done.
You're next up, Josh.
You guys need anything, I'm your gal today.
Thank you, Dawson.
You know, it must be hard, knowing all the facts, to still believe you can actually beat this.
I'm putting both of you under at the same time.
No food, no drinks, so finish up your beers, boys.
You ready to get off dialysis?
Hell yeah, he's ready.
We got a wedding to plan.
So, we got transport on standby to take your kidney to St. Donald's.
Dr. Reid will be with you shortly.
You ready, Erin?
My twins turn 7 next week.
I've been on dialysis since they were 4 years old.
So yeah. I'm ready.
It's been a long road.
Thank you.
We're just waiting for your donor.
Larry's not big on cellphones.
All he's got is this old flip, and the battery's always dead.
Well, time is of the essence, Emma.
He can't just disappear like this.
He'll be here, honey.
Larry doesn't have time for a lot of people, but his big sister's one of them.
Nobody can help an old guy with a chair, huh?
Must've passed a dozen orderlies schlepping this damn thing.
You'd think one of them would have lifted their finger before Liz Taylor here.
Got your chair.
They found a donor.
What?
I'm getting my kidney.
The right donor came in to trigger the domino chain.
It is our lucky break.
I wasn't expecting this today.
Well, yes, I know. This is all coming very fast.
But we need to move now.
We'll get you into surgery shortly.
But, uh...
I was just reading this thing online.
A guy gave his kidney, and... and, um...
He developed an unexplainable appetite for pumpkin pie.
Wouldn't eat anything else...
Just pumpkin pie, pumpkin pie, day after day.
I hate pumpkin pie.
Are you seriously talking about pie right now?
I just need time to process this, Emma.
Dr. Reid, Maggie sent me down.
Something wrong, Dr. Reid?
It's fine.
Just try to relax.
What's going on?
It's the cadaveric donor.
We lost the right kidney.
How bad is it, Maggie?
Right kidney's lost blood supply. It's a goner.
Left one is hypoplastic.
So, we are looking at a small kidney with a crazy arterial network.
Might be too many to anastomose.
Well, Terry's prepped. They haven't opened him up yet.
What do you want to do?
I promised four patients they were getting off dialysis today.
That is still the plan.
Okay, we will cut a piece of her aorta, use it to make an arterial cuff around the renal arteries, and then we'll have one in anastomosis instead of three.
Go get ready for the next harvest, please.
Somebody page Dr. Bishop.
All right, ureter is free.
Just the artery cuff to go.
So, the weather's great in L.A. why'd you come back?
I tried an emergency spinal corpectomy on a 15-year-old car crash victim.
Did they die?
No. No, I saved her life.
And I still got sued anyway.
Wow. That is rough.
They had more lawyers on staff than doctors.
Suction.
I wasn't getting any better... Just safer.
From everything I've heard about you, caution isn't really your thing.
The way you're working those scissors,
I'd say it's not yours, either.
Start perfusion and get it ready for transplant.
Kristine.
Have you, um, seen a, uh...
Uh, yeah. I've seen her.
I've been hearing her all day, too.
Yeah. I've been trying to talk to her.
No, she doesn't want to talk.
I don't think she wants any help at all.
Okay, well, what does she want?
Uh, well, what do you know about her?
Uh... She's a trapeze artist.
Her and her partner took a bad fall.
He managed to pull through, but she's having her... harvested as we speak.
Ohhh. That's so sad.
I-I think I actually know the song.
"My pigeon home," it's called.
It's a lullaby.
- Lullaby? - Mm.
So she's trying to put us to sleep.
Not working.
Well, it's a song about reuniting.
I think she might be trying to convince someone to join her.
When we met, I was the water boy for my high school basketball team, and I got stuffed in a locker after practice.
Did Dan save you?
I was in the one next to him.
Sounds romantic.
Oh, it was.
Took three hours till the janitor found us.
What were you screaming, again?
"My legs... I can't feel my legs."
Sounds hilarious.
We knew if we could make it through high school together, we could make it through anything.
So far, we have.
Time to go in.
Take good care of him.
Don't tell me you don't know the story of Abelard and Heloise.
No, but I have a funny feeling you're about to tell me.
12th century, Paris.
Heloise is this whip-smart student who wants the answer to human existence.
Well, that was her first mistake.
So she goes to study with Pierre Abelard, who's the greatest scholar in France at the time...
About 20 years her senior.
Nothing wrong with that.
Well, it was for her Uncle Fulbert.
He found out about their affair, beat the living crap out of Abelard.
The lovers were banished to live apart forever.
They corresponded by love letters for the rest of their lives.
So? What do you think?
Do you ever stop talking?
Um... When I'm sleeping, I guess.
Oh! Well, then, night-night, professor.
Oh, I'm sorry. You want one?
Not unless there's weed in them.
No way.
Which part of "I'm a poetry professor"
didn't you understand?
Well, then, what the Heloise are you waiting for?
Pass me a pot cookie.
Dr. Reid.
Pali. What's up?
I wanted to give this to her.
Or to him... whoever's donating to Erin.
The donors are all anonymous. I can't give you a name.
I-I know, but the girls made me promise that I would give it to the person that helped their mommy get better.
I will see what I can do.
Thank you.
You don't know what it's like sitting there helpless while your best friend just gets sicker and sicker.
Of course you know what it's like. You're a doctor.
So you get why it's so important to me that that gets to Erin's donor?
I'm sorry. Excuse me.
Is everything okay?
Larry?
Where are you going?
Home.
What? Why?
I'm not doing it.
I thought I was ready, but I'm not.
I only came in today to drop off my sister's chair.
Okay, I know that all of this has been sprung on you, and you're probably incredibly overwhelmed, but...
All due respect, you have no idea what I'm going through.
I made a decision.
I'm just asking you to please respect that and leave me the hell alone.
Don't let him leave the building.
- Berger is still in the building. - What?
That was Zach. He spotted him pacing by the coffee kiosk.
Which means he's waffling.
Yes, which also means we have until he gets to the bottom of his latte to get him back on board.
I got this.
Hey, Larry.
How do you know my name?
My name's Dr. Bishop. It's my first day here.
Congratulations.
I'm leaving.
Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Just hear me out... Just for a second.
I just moved back here from L.A.
I was there training under this Dr. Pearlman.
Amazing surgeon. Genius.
Also... a very pious man.
And he taught me a lot of things.
Including this Hebrew phrase... "tikkun olam."
It's from the talmud.
It means "repairing the world."
Says all of humanity has a shared responsibility to heal and transform the world.
Why are you telling me this?
Dr. Pearlman, he'd remind us about "tikkun olam"
before every surgery we did.
Larry, I think you have a chance to heal the world today in the simplest, most pure kind of way.
And I know you're scared.
I get that. I really do. I swear.
But I think it's something worth considering.
And I don't think you'd still be here if you didn't think so, too.
My mind's made up.
The answer's no.
I'm sorry.
So, there's these, um...
Double doors... the kind that open in the center, and, um...
But one of the hinges was broken, so... they...
they kept that locked.
But he didn't know that.
So, anyway, you know, he's finally ready, and he's got, you know, his tray of cheese, you know, it's just right.
And he's carrying it like it's, you know, the most precious thing in the entire world.
And then bam!
His nose goes into the glass, tray goes everywhere.
There's, like, honey all over his beard.
I've come unstuck.
Let me.
Should you be doing this?
Why not?
Because I'm a...
What'd you say?
A beaker head with a God complex?
'Cause you're higher than a lab monkey.
What is going on here?
Relax. Josh just popped his I.V.
I got it back in.
No, you can't do that.
I'm sorry, but this isn't your charge, Dr. Kinney.
The hell it isn't. I'm a surgeon.
Not in here, you're not.
Then what am I?
I'm sorry?
If I'm not a surgeon, well, what am I?
A dead duck.
That's... That's what he said.
I didn't...
That's what you implied.
In here, you're just my patient.
So, what are my chances of surviving this?
Dr. Kinney.
No, seriously.
I have a reoccurrence of stage 3 metastatic breast cancer, so what are the odds I'll be here...
By Christmas?
That's not fair.
You stay out of this.
As your patient, Dawson, I am asking.
I don't feel comfortable answering that.
No. Of course you don't.
I'm sorry. I'm...
I didn't mean to be...
You're all good now, Josh.
Thank you.
Okay, then. Um...
I'll be back in a bit to check on you both.
Where did you two meet?
Uh... At auditions for cirque.
Two total misfits.
Her parents, Russian immigrants, kicked her out of the house when she was 14.
Mine... hardly even noticed I was gone.
She understood me.
Yeah, I guess when you meet someone like that... who gets you, quirks and all... nothing else really matters, right?
Dr. Harris?
Time of death... 3:13 P.M.
Kurt?
Let's get him back to his room.
I don't believe it.
It's my fault. I pushed him too hard.
It's no one's fault.
He's never been very good with surprises.
When we were kids, I used to jump out behind corners, and one time...
She popped out, and I hit her square in the mouth.
15 stitches.
I told you he'd come 'round.
You were right.
I am scared.
I've been scared my whole life.
You've always been this golden child...
Good grades...
Good friends.
We'll give you two some privacy.
I've always been this neurotic mess.
That's not true.
It is.
Everyone thought it was a joke when I said I would donate.
But you stood up for me.
We're in a good place, Emma.
I don't want it to stop.
It won't.
You're my brother.
That is never gonna change.
Uh, hey, Alex, I need you to come take a look at this.
What do we have?
A frozen kidney.
Larry put us behind schedule.
It must have been too close to the ice for too long.
Even if we thaw that, we've got little chance of getting it to perfuse.
We've come too far to turn back now.
So, what do you want to do?
Get me 10 bags of warm saline.
And a blowtorch.
Kidding! Hold the blowtorch.
That freezing didn't do us any favors, but the warm saline flush...
You think it'll live?
It has to.
Suturing the renal vein.
Renal vein and artery are anastomose.
Moment of truth.
Let's release those clamps and pray that it takes.
Exactly.
Okay. We got good perfusion.
Hey, do you mind doing the ureter anastomosis?
I have to go check in on Larry, make sure he's all right.
You got it.
Thanks, Bishop.
How did it go?
This is odd.
What?
He should be waking up now.
Heart rate's skyrocketing. Alex?
He could be having a stroke.
Page shahir.
Let's get him up to imaging... now.
Good catch, Alex. It was a stroke.
He's coning.
The swelling from the epidural bleed is pressing on his brain stem.
There. That should relieve the pressure.
Alex, it's okay.
You can go. I've done plenty of these.
Turn up the music, please.
My daughter, Molly, is, um... studying psychology at Queens.
She wants to be a couples counselor, of all things.
I haven't told her yet...
That it's back.
Toughest thing in the world...
Watching your kid trying to be brave...
No matter how old they are.
Especially when you know the real truth.
Yeah, I'd like to apologize for that.
No. Why?
It's the truth.
Then I say we - we double down on this...
"Stranger on a train" vibe we got going here.
Let's tell each other one thing that we've never told another living soul.
Who goes first?
I don't know.
You want to rock, paper, scissors?
Oh, careful. You're gonna pull out your I.V. again.
I'll go.
I don't want to do this again.
I don't want to sit here, getting sicker and sicker.
I want to get on a plane. I want to fly away.
Your turn.
Well, I want to come with you.
If looks could kill, I'd be the ghost right now.
Well, look at it this way.
What would you be capable of if somebody tried to keep Alex away from you?
So, how do we help her if she won't talk to us?
I don't know.
You know, maybe he doesn't see her, maybe he doesn't hear her, but if he feels her, if he senses that she's here...
Then what?
He won't move on, either?
He won't get better?
That's a bit of a stretch, don't you think?
Charlie.
I'm just saying, it's not very scientific.
No, look.
Illyana, you need to talk to us.
He needs to be with me.
It was your time. It's not his.
You need to accept that.
He won't make it without me.
He's gonna have to try.
I won't go without him. I can't.
Something's wrong.
Illyana, what are you doing?
I love him too much.
His heart rate's through the roof.
You need to go now!
I can't.
I won't.
He's got a petechial rash.
We need to get him to radiology right now.
Could be a fat embolus in his lungs.
Bone marrow may have seeped out of the break and migrated.
- Can you fix him?
- I don't know.
Illyana!
Stop!
Call the code. We need a crash cart.
Look, Charlie.
Kurt never had a chance.
I'm really not in the mood to see the bright side.
People who love each other that much belong together, even in death.
I'm not buying that. Sorry.
I had a daughter.
Maddie.
It was 4:00 in the afternoon.
Not even happy hour.
This guy's all over the road.
He's coming right at us.
I tried to get out of the way, but there wasn't enough time.
We didn't... we didn't have enough time.
My little girl.
Kris.
I wanted to die... so I could be with her.
I'm sorry. I had no idea.
When I woke up in the hospital...
She was gone.
But there were all these other spirits that only I could see.
There's still so much I'm trying to figure out about this...
This thing we have.
Well, maybe we could help each other, you know?
Figure this thing out together.
I'd like that, Charlie.
Last ones.
I'm glad to see you.
Yeah, model patients.
Transplants went off without a hitch.
Pali, your kidney is taking a little trip to close out the domino.
It's going to somebody who desperately needs it.
Thank you.
You were badass, Alex.
Yeah, she's not wrong.
All right, girls. On to recovery ice cream.
So?
So, he's gonna make a full recovery.
Thank God.
One more transport to go, Alex, and you've pulled it off.
Not me... all of us.
Hey. Nice ride.
How'd it go?
Exhausting, but, um... eventful.
I met a boy.
At chemo?
Yes.
And he's a poet.
And he asked to come to Paris with me because he wants to show me where Abelard and Heloise are buried.
Dana.
And I said "yes."
You just started chemo.
I know, but I'm...
I'm thinking that I just have to fight this in a different way for a while.
I'm sorry, but this is insane.
Actually, I think this is the sanest thing
I have done in a long time.
You're flying off to Paris with a poet that you met a few hours ago.
Well, when you put it like that...
Instead of prolonging your life...
I don't want to prolong my life.
I want to live it.
How you feeling?
Like I just got run over.
You?
Same.
I wanted to, um...
I wrote you something.
- Limerick, yeah. - Yeah.
It was the only rhyme scheme I could remember, and I'm half-Irish, so...
"A terminal lass from Kilbride was befuddled by fear and by pride."
"Till she heard a sweet man say he'd come with her partway.
So she kissed him, she smiled, and she cried."
Thank you, doctor.
How does it end?
The story?
- Heloise. - Right.
Does she find the real meaning of life?
Oh, she does.
The love she found with Abelard...
That was the meaning of human existence.
Love.
Hey. What's going on?
Nothing.
You ready?
And, for the last time, the olives in the salad bar are for eating, not wearing.
Excellent.
And no more "Simpsons" impressions.
And, finally, I'm flying back to D.C. this weekend to spend the holiday with my family, but the restaurant will still be open, so I'm going to need you all to work.
You're making us work on Valentine's Day?
I already have tickets to see Morrissey.
No, he's talking about Presidents' Day.
Which is always the third Monday in February.
I'm kind of a history "boof."
I'm talking about Chinese New Year.
But you also have to work those other holidays, as well.
You guys have your own new year?
Yeah.
We get together with family, have a big dinner.
There's decorations, dragon dances, fireworks.
I mean, you should see how crazy it gets in Chinatown.
If you can breathe properly the next day, you weren't there.
S02E11 Year of the Rat  Fresh off the boat   I'm gettin' mine everywhere I go 
Jessica, open the door!
I have been ringing this bell for half an hour.
What is going on?
Did you commit a murder in here?
A murder?
On carpet? Come on.
Chinese New Year is in a few days, and it's tradition to clean our home to welcome in good fortune.
Our new year's tradition is to get drunk and shoot guns in the air.
Thank you so much for taking care of things while we're gone.
There's not much to do.
Just water the tomato plant and move the kitchen bamboo out of the sun hourly.
If the moon is strong, then at night, too.
Why did you pack this?
What do you mean?
We're traveling.
We need travel-sized toiletries.
Look how fun it is.
Look at this little nivea.
It's more container than lotion, but I don't even care.
I'm ready for my new year's haircut.
Oh, that's another new year's tradition.
You don't want to cut your hair too soon after the new year, because you might be getting rid of any good luck you just received.
Oh, kind of like how you don't want to shower after garth Brooks signs your boobs?
Yeah.
I brought some photos.
I want half Anthony Mason, half kwam the boy genius.
How about flowbee setting number 3?
I'm so excited for Chinese New Year.
It's gonna be great to see the whole family.
And to get all those red envelopes full of cash!
I'm gonna buy a snoopy sno-cone machine.
I'm gonna buy a fedora and bring back the golden age of railway travel.
Listen, guys.
I did the math, and even if I get one red envelope from every adult in the family,
I still won't have enough money to buy the new Jordans.
That's why if you guys give me three of your envelopes each,
I'll give you this gently used castle grayskull.
The trapdoor doesn't work, but he-man wouldn't fall for that anyways.
_
Eddie, I overslept! Get up, get up!
We have to go to the airport!
- What time is it?
- 5:00 A.M.!
The flight doesn't leave until 2:00 in the afternoon.
Exactly! We're late!
Emery! Evan! Just eat some toothpaste!
No time to brush!
Why are you dressed so nice?
I'm trying to get bumped up to first class.
No.
It's too early for this.
All right, I turned off the sprinklers, locked the doors, got the tickets.
And I've got breakfast for the car, snacks, lunch, and dried plums.
We're all set.
We forgot... _
Bye, girls. Don't forget...
Keep that heart rate above 125.
And don't you forget to bring me back a commemorative thimble.
You know it.
Oh, damn it.
_
_
Why did we have to park so far away?
It wasn't that far.
We took two buses, a tram, then had to run across the freeway.
Good.
So now you're tired, so you'll sleep on the plane.
And look, no lines.
I can't wait to see everybody.
I hope they're karaoke'ing when we get there, because I'm gonna grab the Mike and I'm gonna slide right into...  What's love got to do, got to do with it?

 What's love but a second-hand emo... 
Hi.
Good morning.
Where are you all flying to today?
Oh, uh, Washington, D.C., for the holiday.
A popular destination for Presidents' Day.
Are you traveling with any hazardous materials?
No, just a bag of fireworks, a pocket knife, and some crme br"le torches we're giving as gifts.
That's all fine. Just as long as you're not bringing any citrus.
Oh, no. I'm afraid you've missed your flight. What?
No, that's impossible.
It doesn't leave till 2:00 P.M.
2:00 P.M. yesterday.
I thought you said that our flight was on Friday. It is.
Friday the 15th.
The 15th was yesterday.
Are we gonna miss Chinese New Year?
We don't have to run across the freeway again, do we?
I'm sorry, Connie.
We won't be coming to D.C. for new year's.
Why?
Because I messed up the days on the tickets.
No, don't put big auntie on the phone.
Don't put big...
Hi, big auntie.
No, we're not coming.
Why?
Because I messed up the days on the tickets.
Mm-hmm. No, I called.
Six last-minute tickets to D.C. are too expensive.
I guess everybody's going there for Presidents' Day.
Yes, even five last-minute tickets are too expensive.
Five?
Who does she suggest to cut?
Tell everyone to send the red envelopes in the mail today so we can get them by new year's.
They're not gonna send cash in the mail.
It's time you boys learned what all dogs are born knowing.
Postal workers are thieves.
No, they're not.
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night...
Emery, please.
How's the family gonna get us our red envelopes?
They're not.
The only ones you're going to get are from us.
Mom and dad's envelopes... Those are the worst!
Read the back.
We wrote you a message.
_
Wha...
That means the only money we're gonna get this year is from...
Grandma.
I'm really sorry.
I feel terrible.
I should have double-checked the tickets.
Just when you think you've micro-managed everything.
But, you know, we can make the most of this.
I know you were really looking forward to seeing everyone, but we can celebrate here, just us.
It's not the same, Louis.
There's no fireworks. There's no parade.
It's not gonna feel like new year's.
Well, maybe we could find something like that here.
I doubt it.
People here don't care about this holiday.
That's not true.
We know there are other Chinese people in the area, remember?
Yeah, one other Chinese guy in Orlando, and he's deaf.
He's here somewhere.
If we just had a, I don't know, some sort of a list of people's names in the area and a way to get in touch with them.
There's got to be at least one Chinese person listed in here.
Uh, let's start with "Yang."
It's like Chinese people's "Smith."
Hmm. Nothing.
How about "Ma"?
Nope.
Liang?
Hi, grandma!
We made you your favorite snack...
Mountain dew and combos.
_
Are you upset that we missed our flight?
_
_
I hate to see grandma so down.
We have to cheer her up.
Yeah, so she can be generous with the red envelopes, and we can get paid!
No, because she's our grandmother and she's sad.
Right. We're saying the same thing.
Whatever our motivation, we need to get grandma happy, like, yesterday.
What does she like?
She loves "Garfield."
Yeah, what else?
What does it mean?
What does it mean to like "Garfield"?
It means she likes things that are small, cute, and funny.
That's the first thing you've said all day that makes sense.
Hey, how ya doin' today?
Having fun?
Speaking of fun, what's the deal with fun-sized candy bars?
What?
Of all the sizes, aren't they the least fun?
You know what I wish was fun-sized?
My homework!
_
_
Anyone here from New Jersey?
No Changs, no Chins, no Chus.
You know, we need to start from the beginning.
Here, let me try.
Jessica, why would you have any more luck...
Boom. Asian-American association of Orlando.
A.A.A.O.O.
Ay-oh.
Like the Fonz.
No, it's like
"Who's the Boss?" Like Tony Danza.
Ey-o.
Hey, Angela.
I'm calling them.
Hello. Asian-American association of Orlando.
It's real!
Yes, hello!
We are Louis and Jessica Huang. We live in Orlando.
Oh, my gosh, the Huangs!
We've been trying to get in touch with you for months!
Have you not been getting our mailers?
- Thieves. - Thieves.
Uh, we are going to be in town for Chinese New Year, and we were wondering if you're doing anything.
We're having a huge party.
It's the biggest day of the year.
We would be so excited if you'd join us.
 What if God was one of us? 
 Just a slob like one of us? 
 Just a stranger on a bus, trying to make his way... 
I can't wait.
We're gonna be drowning in a sea full of red envelopes.
Why would grandma care about fun-sized stuff?
I should have started with jokes about Filipino food.
Ah, looks like they already got started with the fireworks.
Ignoring fire codes... So Chinese.
_
There's so much oil in this food.
My son Raj is addicted to cocaine.
This one means "understanding."
What?
No, this means "understanding."
What's going on?
Where are all the...
Chinese people!
Welcome, Huangs.
And happy new year.
I'm Rick.
Ni hao.
The length and depth of my bow expresses my deep appreciation.
Uh, I think that's more of a Japanese thing, but, uh, thank you, Rick.
We spoke on the phone, I believe.
I'm one of the founding members of the triple-a double-o.
I thought this was an Asian organization?
Oh, it is.
Everyone here is Asian.
Or hoping to associate with one.
I myself was born on a layover in Thailand.
Well, I guess technically India and parts of Russia are in Asia, but we assumed...
That there would be some Chinese people celebrating Chinese New Year.
We don't have any Chinese members yet.
But we did get the kid who played short round to send us an autographed picture for our wall.
Very cool of him.
_
_
_
- What'd she say?
- I think she likes it.
I don't care what kind of people are here.
As long as they have red envelopes,
I'm cool with it.
Ooh, red envelopes.
What is that?
Like a party game?
You don't even know about red envelopes?
Well, what do you have planned for Chinese New Year?
Oh, it is going to be epic.
We just got these "year of the rat" glasses.
There's also gonna be an authentic dragon dance.
And at midnight Beijing time, we're gonna drop the rat.
Uh, that's not a real thing.
See, this is what I was talking about.
They're having a Chinese New Year's party, but nobody cares enough to get it right.
 Y'all ready for this? 
Who's ready for a dragon dance? !
The guy in the suit is my brother, Mark.
He's a male stripper.
Happy New Year!
I wish we could...
I said, Happy New...
Damn it, Happy New Year!
I wish we were there so they could annoy me in person.
What's the deal with disappointment?
I don't have a joke.
I just want to know.
Happy new year!
What's so happy about it?
No red envelopes.
No family.
No parade.
Bubkes.
But we do have pork buns.
You found pork buns?
Uh, no, jelly doughnuts.
Same basic concept, though.
Dough filled with something delicious.
I'm too sad to eat doughnuts.
I'll eat the jelly, though.
Come on, guys.
Look, sure, I messed up the plane tickets, and sure, Chinese New Year is ruined, but that doesn't mean we still can't have fun as a family.
Tonight, to celebrate, the Huangs are going to Cattleman's Ranch for dinner!
And this time, it's personal...
Pan pizzas. You each get one.
Sure, fine.
At least I don't have to cook.
I just want this day to be over.
Well, another year without a snoopy sno-cone machine.
I guess I should tell my business partners.
Louis!
What is that?
I just thought, you know, for Presidents' Day.
You know I hate animals doing people things.
Well, what are you doing here?
I-I thought you were out of town.
No, there's been a change of plans.
Okay, so here's what we need.
Whoa, lion dancers!
Awesome! Wow!
Look at that.
That's awesome!
_
Louis, how did you...
I wanted you to have a real Chinese New Year.
How did you find people who care about Chinese New Year?
You found the bus guy.
Mitch?
Nancy? !
They spent all day rehearsing.
We decided to go with the Southern lion-style dance.
Mitch got the lion costume.
I used to work at Epcot.
I still have the key to the costume locker.
The drummers I got on loan from the high school.
And honey brought all the lanterns.
They're from Janet Jackson's "If" video.
My hairdresser used to be her prop guy.
Oh, and Sandy has got some stories.
Oh, yeah.
Deidre brought oranges and tangerines.
I have three trees in my yard that are really flourishing.
My secret... human urine.
Carol-Joan brought illegal fireworks.
My son is troubled, but he knows where to buy explosives.
Hector made fish and dumplings.
He did a great job, and with such short notice.
It gave me an idea for a Chinese fast-food chain.
Could call it "Pronto Panda" or, uh, "Panda Chop-Chop"
or "Panda Train, limited stops."
How about Panda Express?
I like my names better.
And for you boys, your father told us about red envelopes.
Sno-cone! Thank you!
Loot!
Look on the back.
"Be the change"?
Your father said you liked handwritten messages on nice stationery.
Goodbye, Jordans.
I guess I have to wait another year until I can dunk.
Why did you all go to all this trouble?
It's not even your holiday.
Louis said you were upset about missing Chinese New Year, so we wanted to help.
It's not that people didn't care enough to get it right.
It's that they didn't know.
Also, it's you, so if we don't get it right, we're gonna hear about it.
Yeah, that's true.
So, I've always been curious, why the color red?
Thank you for asking.
The color red represents good luck and happiness.
Why do you serve dumplings?
Well, dumplings are a similar shape to ancient silver and gold pieces.
So when you eat them, it's like you're taking in wealth. Ah.
I like that.
So the Chinese word for fish is a homonym for the word "surplus."
And why lions?
They're used to summon wealth and good fortune.
I thought red was for wealth and good fortune.
And you said the haircuts were for wealth and good fortune.
We like wealth and good fortune.
I could listen to this all night.
Each year corresponds to one of 12 different animals in the Chinese zodiac.
I am the year of the dog.
What kind of animal am I?
What year were you born?
Pass.
Are some zodiac signs better...
You know what?
Enough for today.
Great questions!
No more! Thank you!
Isn't it nice our friends care so much?
Ooh, maybe throwing a Chinese New Year party at Cattleman's becomes our new tradition.
Yeah, maybe.
_
_
Grandma, that's very generous, but all we need is your love.
I'll take Emery's! No!
I was just expressing a sentiment, you animal!
No!
Give it to me!
_
Thanks, everybody, for a great Chinese New Year.
But the celebration wouldn't be complete without the grand finale.
Fireworks!
Ooh, we have fireworks!
Verbal fireworks!
Have you ever noticed how American and Chinese dogs speak differently?
American dogs go, "bow-wow, bow-wow."
Chinese dogs go, "wong-wong, wong-wong!"
You know, that's funny because it's true.
What's the deal with Capri Suns?
I have to puncture a foil pouch with a straw.
Hello, I'm a child, not a registered nurse.
Oh, he's bringing out the big guns.
What else?
What else?
- All right. Bon apptit.
- Thanks, Chef.
- To the chef.
- To the chef.
Chef, your lawyer's here.
What?
I'm up. What?
Thanks. Thanks, buddy.
[sighs] Oh! Damn it.
Okay. All right.
Oka-
- No, you go.
[sighs] Ooh, that's... alright.
[Tommy] So, after school, maybe we'll, uh, we'll stop by the art store and get you a new sketchbook?
And, um, some of those wh-- wh-- what were those called?
Charcoal... somethings?
Yeah. Worth a shot.
[door closes]
You know, I still had eight months.
You're amazing.
Okay.
Just--
I didn't actually do...
With all due respect, I wish you'd gotten life.
Maybe you'll lose a few pounds, huh?
Hey, go change. I'll explain your parole terms. Hey,hey.
All right.
Be good. [blues music plays] [snorting] Ahh.
Seriously, I don't know how you did that, but... thank you.
We should celebrate tonight.
Well, what's wrong with right now?
Come here.
- Hey, Tommy!
' Hey, guys.
- Hey, Tommy!
- What's up, Tommy?
No association with known felons.
No weapons, and of course, [moans]
You can't... vote!
So, when am I gonna see you again?
Well, I got to confess, I'm always getting into trouble.
And when I do, I know where to find a good lawyer.
Do you know how hard it is to get pink peonies this time of year?
Thanks, Jane. They're my wife's favorite.
- God damn.
- Bye, Chef. Take care, buddy.
It's been a pleasure.
What the hell are you doing? !
Hey, I got to be somewhere, pal.
- Empty your truck onto the street.
- Screw you.
I'd appreciate some civility...
- and some cooperation.
- [garbage man] So sorry, Mr. Woichik.
I didn't realize it was you.
How's your father?
Gettin' by. Now, if you'd please...
Yeah, yeah. Sure thing.
He's not here, boss.
[blues music plays]
So, can I put you down for the usual ten cases?
Uh, no. Let's go with four this time.
How's your boy doing?
T.J.?
Never better.
[teacher] T.J...
You don't have to talk, but you do have to listen.
Now do the assignment.
What, what?
What are you gonna do about it, punk?
You got something to say?
Uncle Stavros!
Hey, the prodigal nephew. Huh?
Smells like a sewer. Huh? [sniffs]
Passport. Ticket to Paris.
Spending money.
Flight is at noon tomorrow.
Maury Finkelberg?
Really? Could you have given me any less notice?
You're welcome.
Uncle, reminding you I need tomorrow night off.
- My daughter's talent show. - Consider me reminded, lovely.
Hi, Dion. Bye, Dion.
Can I stay here tonight?
All of my rooms and all my girls are booked.
I'm telling you, the Bronx is the next damn Gold Rush.
Which is why these lotto machines are working overtime.
Son of a bitch.
Come on. Get out.
- Going already?
Patrick. It's not your usual time.
I'm looking for your nephew.
Dion?
Doesn't get out for months.
Find him.
You know, there's a couple of cops up there, maybe a judge.
That's not good for business, yours or mine.
What happens to people who lie to me?
Screw you, Patrick!
I pay your dogs every month for protection.
You call that protection?
You do know why they call me the Tooth Fairy.
[Patrick] Don't you?
He's not here.
[knocks] Mr. Moran, hi.
You missed last week's appointment.
Yeah, sorry.
Uh, work's-- work's been brutal.
I'll call to set something up.
Well, we have about 15 minutes till school lets out.
Come on.
[Tommy] My health insurance only covered ten sessions with a shrink, and ten sessions with a speech therapist, but now-- now it's maxed out, and it's all on me.
It's just a lot to juggle without his morn around.
I can only imagine.
Yeah, you can only imagine.
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking if you had 20 years more experience, what a difference that would make for T.J.
You are totally deflecting.
I am who I am. You are who you are.
So let's-- let's talk about what's real--
T.J. failing, T.J. getting into fights,
T.J. not talking.
I get it. You have a lot on your plate as the only parent.
T.J.--
So what, now, I'm-
- I'm the only single parent whose kid is having trouble in school?
No.
You're the only single parent whose son witnessed his own mother get killed in a hit-and-run and hasn't said a word since.
And whose father has a drinking problem.
- I smell alcohol on your breath.
- That's wine.
- I'm a wine rep.
That's part--
- Yeah, Mr. Moran, if this continues to go downhill,
I'm required by law to notify Child Protective Services.
What does that mean, exactly?
You could lose T.J.
I'm not gonna let anyone take you away.
In trouble so soon?
I miss you already.
[scoffs] Hey, uh, can I come in? Ooh.
Look, you're a great lay, but I think we should keep this client-attorney business strictly professional.
Good behavior?
[Dion] Oh, I don't know.
My money's on, uh, good cooking.
- [Tommy] Glad to see you.
Are you gonna crash here?
Yeah.
Yeah, just for one night.
Got to go to Paris tomorrow.
Yeah, I... I got to get away.
That's too bad.
It'd be nice to have you around.
Yeah, I'll be back.
So you were in the one prison without a weight room?
[chuckles] Nice.
Don't worry, I'll still kick your ass.
How you doing, man?
T.J., you remember Dion.
Look at you.
Huh? What's up, T-Bone?
All right. Come on.
All right.
Oh, you see they turned the methadone clinic into a yoga studio?
Yeah. Got an organic market coming in, too. I know.
It's crazy, right?
It's like I said, you know, the Bronx is the new Brooklyn.
Eh, it's coming up, man.
Yeah, well, parts of it.
Maid called in sick.
Look, how do you live like this, huh?
I had better things back in prison.
Well, I'm sure they'd make room for you again.
Hey, uh, is T.J. all right?
You know, he seems a little--
- Quiet?
- Dented.
Dented, I'll take. It's broken I'm worried about.
He hasn't spoken since she died.
Oh, thanks for coming to the funeral, by the way.
[chuckles]
Oh, yeah, well, uh, the county jail was all out of hall passes that day.
Oh, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, you're killing me.
You- - You got a $20,000 stove, and your fridge is empty.
Well, there's not a lot of time for grocery shopping.
All stocked up on wine, though, I see,huh?
How are you and the bottle getting along these days?
Really well, actually.
Yeah?
Yeah, no. We're-
- We're in love. How about you and the blow?
We broke up.
'Cause it's so hard to get drugs in prison.
Yeah.
Yeah, thanks for coming to visit me, by the way.
I'm sorry. Was I not there for you?
That's funny, uh, 'cause the way I remember it, the one time I really needed you, you know, when my wife was killed, you got coked up and burned down the restaurant we worked at.
So not only did I lose my wife,
I lost my best friend and my job.
So no, no, thank you.
I'm sorry about Rie.
I miss her, too, you know?
[Dion] Hey, what's up, T-bone?
You hungry?
So, put it down like that.
Ah, j-- j-- just-- just hold on, champ.
What?
Go on.
Oh, come on, man.
Tommy, what are you doing?
The food's getting cold.
Uh, look, I'm really--
I'm really not having this with you.
All right, listen, the kid doesn't eat until you do it.
Tonight, we have, uh, our special, house-made malfatti with vine-ripened Roma tomatoes, parmesan, and basil.
Pairs perfectly with this 2010 Chianti Classico, an old-world Sangiovese, aged in traditional botti.
That's large-format barrels, neutral oak.
Look for dried red fruits, a medium body, and a bright, mouthwatering acidity.
- And he's back.
- [chuckles lightly] Can we eat already?
Okay, so I'm a little out of practice cooking Italian.
What do you mean?
That meal was perfectly mediocre.
I still want to do Greek.
Yeah, well, it's gonna be hard if you're moving to Paris.
Oh, why don't you come to Paris with me?
- [chuckles] - [Dion] Seriously.
We could do the restaurant there.
Great idea.
Yeah, T.J.'s old enough to live here on his own.
Oh, no, no.
T.J.'s already coming. We- - We just wanted to know if you wanted to come.
Oh, yeah? [laughs]
You're out of your mind.
Seriously, though. I mean, think about it.
You know, you, me, Tee}...
[Dion] Three bachelors letting loose in the city of love.
Come on, man, we-- we would have the best Greek restaurant in all of Paris.
I can't uproot T.J. like that.
He's been through enough change.
Seems he needs a fresh start almost as much as you do.
It's not that simple.
Besides, I- - I- - I can't handle that whole French scene without you.
Who's gonna make fun of it with me?
Huh? Come on, seriously.
[stammers] I won't survive. You always survive.
All right.
All right, look at that.
Tell me, what do you see?
- Uh, a plate?
- [Dion] No.
You see black orzo in a spicy seafood broth and a celeriac puree.
Topped with, uh... grilled octopus and slow-roasted cherry tomatoes, perfectly finished with micro bronzed fennel.
Classic Mediterranean, with a very specific and dare I say, a very personal Hellenic influence.
Dude, I helped you come up with this whole menu.
You don't have to walk me through it.
You know, in prison, all anyone's ever thinking about is escaping.
You know what I was thinking about?
I was thinking about Thirio.
Who do you think you're talking to?
Downstairs, all I see are Rie's unfinished designs.
That giant espresso machine from Italy,
Rie put that together herself.
I look up to the ceiling, I see-
- I see pine beams-- - Cypress.
- The whole-- what?
Cypress beams.
It's a Mediterranean restaurant.
There is no pine in the Mediterranean.
Pretty sure it's pine.
- Well, where's the Bible?
Come on, take a look. [Dion] Wow. It was a long time ago.
It was a lifetime ago.
Yeah.
[Dion] Wow.
Uh-oh. Boom.
Bite me.
Come on, imagine it.
Thirio in Paris.
With the two of us, man, we could totally pull it off.
It was the three of us that were gonna pull it off.
I could never do it any other way.
First, the Chinks come in.
Then the mighty Irish push them out, until the Wops and the Jews take over.
And, then, whoops; here come the Coloreds and the Spics and, bam!
Now the Vietnamese or Cambodians, whatever the hell they are.
So basically, it's Chink to Chink, circle of life.
My father, rest his soul, used to say a neighborhood is like an organism, a living thing, always changing, always needing something.
And a good businessman finds out what that need is and fills it.
No offense to my old man, but what he didn't know, the real money is in filling that need even when it don't need filling.
Ah, come on.
All right, buddy.
Hey, I'm taking Teej to school.
You can stay until your flight, I guess.
Just don't burn the place down.
Yeah, well, take care, man.
Yep. You too.
Hey, thanks.
And you... you know, you might want to keep it down a little bit, huh?
All right.
[Dion] Table 33.
All right, let's go. Come on, let's go.
Is this the grief group?
Yeah.
I'm- - I'm Tommy Moran. Welcome.
Thanks.
It's my first time.
It's a little overwhelming.
I remember.
I'm Pilar Herrera.
My husband, Oscar, died in my arms... of a heart attack.
You'?
My wife, Rie, car accident.
I'm sorry.
Me too, you.
So, urn, what do you do?
One day at a time, I guess.
I meant for a living. [chuckles]
Oh, I'm a sommelier, but I'm between restaurants, so, uh, I rep wines.
No way. I'm in the restaurant business, too.
My sister has a place, La Cubana Loca, in Harlem.
Actually, I'm, like, the manager.
We're always looking for wines.
We should exchange numbers.
I kept looking at the door, thinking Rie was gonna walk in at any second,
but she never did.
She never will.
All right, let's-- we're gonna try a little role-play, okay?
I want you to tell your wife what it is you're going through.
Gloria, you-- you be his wife, okay?
- [sobbing] No.
- [therapist] All right, um, uh...
Pilar, is it?
Pilar?
Y-
- You, can you do that?
Will that be okay?
So, Tommy, tell Pilar how you're feeling.
[therapist] It's okay.
[voice breaking] I miss you... all day long.
[Tommy] We were supposed to do this together.
Raise our son, start a restaurant.
I can't...
[Tommy] I need you.
We need you.
You're like a phantom limb.
I love you.
Dion.
What!
So good for the soul.
Maury Finkelberg?
Short notice.
Not only... do you burn down our restaurant... you get caught.
An employee of ours committing arson, so no insurance.
My father might be in prison.
That doesn't change the fact that you owe us 600 grand.
- Look, I'm gonna pay it back.
- From Paris?
I'm going on a-- was going on a-- on a sourcing trip.
My new restaurant needs top-of-the-line equipment.
Dion, Dion, Dion.
Come and take a look. I'll show you.
Obviously, we're still, uh, you know, in the process of setting up, but, you know, we got... got a Jade freestanding range over here, the Belle Epoque, brass and copper espresso machine
we had specially shipped in from Italy.
We have a, uh, a walk-in fridge that's gonna go over there.
Now, the prep and, uh, cooking stations are-- they're gonna go here, here, there.
Yeah, we're, uh, we're looking into... to cypress pillars for the dining room.
Plus, uh, we're gonna be growing our own herbs in the greenhouse we're gonna build up on the roof.
I mean, we could be up and running within, uh, within two months.
Well, you know me and kitchens.
When you're not burning them down.
Yeah. That never gets old.
You were the one who made me executive chef at Ottavio's.
The profit we were making there, I can double that.
I can pay you back.
You could be eating braised lamb with a wild-mushroom ragout while this place becomes a laundromat for your money.
People are gonna come.
Okay.
But you try and skip town again, these two will die.
So will your favorite and only uncle.
Oh, and that lady lawyer friend of yours.
But you, Dion, I'll let you live so you'll always remember what you caused.
Look,uh, I'm not going anywhere.
Good, 'cause I'll be collecting on your debt every week.
I hope this restaurant's a success.
Be a shame if I went through all the effort of getting you out of prison early just to... kill everyone who means something to you.
One more thing Come on! What are you doing?
No, no!
What are you doing?
! Come on, I can pay you back!
- Smile. - I'll pay you back!
It will make it so much easier for the both of us.
Please, Patrick!
[screaming] No! Please, not the teeth, no!
[Dion breathing shakily] Maybe we try something different?
Oh, God. Oh, God.
Say, a little finger?
No, no! No!
No,no,no,no,no, no,no,no,no!
Oh, God, no!
[screaming] Oh, God!
See you soon, Dion.
Yo. Yo, yo, Manny. Manny.
I need you to do me a solid.
Thanks, bro.
Shouldn't you be halfway to Paris by now?
What is that?
What are you doing?
What happened to your finger?
Uh, cab door.
Is that why you're not in Paris, 'cause-- 'cause of your boo-boo?
No.
No.
This is why.
All right.
G-- go ahead.
Hold on. I- - I have to get some A.1.
If you don't mind, go ahead.
Words would be nice.
It's astonishing, maybe even perfect.
No, no, no.
It's never perfect. Dude, just take the compliment. Go ahead, try.
Try some. Come on, try it.
[Tommy] It's good, right?
[Dion] Now, this... this is gonna be the signature dish of Thirio.
Look, I didn't go to Paris 'cause our dream was to open a restaurant right here, man.
We are so doing this!
You got any homework?
All right. Now is a good time.
I told you, I'm not doing a restaurant without Rie.
If you could see yourself right now, living in this place.
I'm the one who's been in prison this last year, and you're the one who's messed up?
I mean, y-- you're stuck, man, bad.
You drink too much. You work a demeaning job.
It's been almost a year since Rie died.
And what? Come on, what?
You're still wallowing? Right, right! "Get on with it, Tommy!" "Shake it off, Tommy."
- "Move on, Tommy," right?
- All right, look, I'm not saying--
You have no idea what you're talking about.
You don't know what it's like to be in love, to be married, to raise a son with-- with the woman you love.
And you have no idea what it's like to lose her.
Man, I had to clean out her closet, clean out her bathroom, throw her mouth guard... in the trash.
Do not tell me how to grieve, and don't tell me to open a restaurant without her.
[Dion] We're not doing it without her.
We're doing it with her.
She will live through this restaurant.
No, she won't.
I love you more than anything in the world.
You know that, right?
All right. [smooches]
Sweet dreams. See you in the morning. [metal clanging]
- [Dion screams] - Stay in bed. [grunting] [shouts]
Look, if you're not gonna do a restaurant, then you don't deserve this!
- Hey, let go. - Give it back.
- Let go!
- Get your hands off it!
- Hey, hey, hey! - You're not worthy of it.
You're not worthy! Get off, get off!
[clattering]
You know what? !
You don't deserve any of this! - Oh.
- [plate shatters] Oh, oh!
Throwing plates! - No, none of this!
You must be Greek.
All right, would you stop? ! Hey!
Stop! Hey!
You want this just as much as I do.
You're just too much of a drunk to realize it!
[laughs] The coke head speaks.
This is so you.
I let you crash here, within 24 hours, you're trashing the place.
Oh, trashing the place?
What, this shit hole?
What are you even doing here? ! Just go!
[Dion] Oh, I'm so sorry!
[Tommy] Get out.
Go on!
Take your massive ego with you...
Oh, I'm sorry to interrupt your downward spiral,
- you self-loathing, self-pitying...
- you selfish, narcissistic...
- selfish son of a-- [cellphone ringing]
He's calling to hear Rie's voice on the outgoing message.
Yeah, well, he's not doing so good, T.
Tell me about it.
Yeah, well, then why do you make him live like this?
This place, the way it is, it's like a-- like a tomb of Rie's dream that can never come true.
The way I see it, you either burn it down or you build it up!
- Oh, man, y-- you got to stop.
- No, I don't.
Look, when we were doing the restaurant, when we were coming up with plans for Thirio, you were so amped, man.
You were so alive.
Yeah, I also had a wife.
This isn't about you! Wake up!
This is about your son!
Look, if we do this restaurant and you get that fire back in your belly, you have a purpose again.
And you know how quickly T.J.'s gonna turn around.
He lost his mom.
He doesn't need to lose his dad, too.
[scoffs] We're broke.
Where would we even get the money?
What? No.
No way.
[Tommy] No way.
It's the only way. Tommy, he owes you.
I haven't talked to him in ten years.
You burned down a restaurant owned by Ziggy Woichik and his psycho son, and you not only live, but you get out of prison early?
You must be in really tight with those scumbags.
Eh, you don't know what you're talking about.
Aw, come on!
Oh, and what's this?
If you don't want to go back to prison for 100 years, you better get me some intel on the Tooth Fairy.
Why do you care about him so much?
You already put his father away.
And the Tooth Fairy steps right in, nothing changes, and I get a net gain of zero.
Oh, I'm sorry about that. I really am.
I wish there was something I could do.
Let me be perfectly clear.
No,no,no! [screaming] Oh, God! [grunts]
What the hell is wrong with you!
I am Ahab.
And the Tooth Fairy, that fat piece of shit, is my white whale.
And you... - [breathing heavily] [groans] [car door opens, closes] [engine starts] [tires screeching]
[siren wailing in the distance] [breathing heavily] How'd it go with your dad?
He wasn't home.
Oh, you're kidding.
You sure we can do this?
Yeah, we can do this.
We have to.
[Tommy] Shit.
Yeah, no shit, shit.
[sirens wailing, man laughing] [Tommy] A restaurant in the Bronx.
[Dion] Living the dream.
Emma: No!
Emma, come on, it's time for bed.
I'm putting my foot down.
You gotta put your pajamas on.
No!
What if Daddy gives you a cookie?
Yes!
Congratulations, Emma.
You're already manipulating men at a third grade level.
You're the parent.
You need to stand up to your daughter.
Okay, you know what? Fine.
If you're so good at this, you get her into pajamas.
- All right?
- Okay. Yeah, I will.
All right, Emma.
Listen, this behavior has got to stop.
When I say it's bedtime, it's bedtime.
And when I say it's cookie time, it's cookie time.
Mm, who do you love the most?
- Bon-Bon. - Bon-Bon. That's right.
And Bon-Bon loves you the most.
(theme music playing)  It's amazing how the unexpected 
 Can take your life and change directions 
Danny!
- Who's coming?
- My mom.
Ever since Brad left, she can't be alone.
I don't know if you know this, but she can be kind of annoying.
She hasn't let me out of her sight in over a week, and now she wants to hang out today and tonight.
No! No! Tonight is our special night.
Clash of Dragons is on.
I know. That's why I'm trying to avoid her.
Bonnie: Hey, why is this door locked?
- Oh! - Hey, guys.
I just wanted to...
Oh. Mom... do you mind?
Kind of in the middle of something here.
Sorry.
Yeah, I can come back.
Well, actually, if you're anything like your dad,
I can just wait in the hall for a couple of minutes.
Will you just tell her?
Yeah, you're right.
Mom, there's something I need to talk to you about.
But first, I gotta go to practice, so I'll see you later, okay?
Danny, Danny, Danny!
So... what are you up to today?
I'm just going to work.
I don't suppose you could bring a friend.
- Not really. - Oh.
Oh, Tuck! Hey!
Here's that salad you ordered for Mary.
I know the show's paying for it.
That's why it's a $53 salad.
Finally. Mary's blood sugar's crashing.
Oh, my God. Are there cranberries on this?
These look like cranberries!
Calm down. She can just pick them off like any normal person.
Mary Hart is not a normal person.
Okay?
She's a star.
It's a completely different beast.
Please don't tell anyone you heard me call her a beast.
Dude, you gotta stand up to her once in a while.
Don't let her walk all over you.
Look, Ben, I don't have time.
Look, I don't have time for this right now, okay?
What is wrong with you?
Look at yourself.
- You're a mess. - I'm fine! Okay?
- Look, I'm fine! - (Shutter clicks)
- I'm fi... - Does this look fine to you?
Look, man, we're just... we're all under a lot of stress, all right?
This week, it's our big Mary Hart SweetHarts Special, and everything just needs to be perfect because Mary likes perfect.
Mary: Tucker!
Oh, my God! She's coming! Save yourself!
It's about time.
I didn't realize you actually had to go to a farm and plant the vegetables first.
And could you possibly be more incompetent?
I said I wanted to give away Crock-Pots.
You forgot the "Crock" part of the "Pot".
There's 50 pounds of weed sitting on my loading dock!
And... are these cranberries?
You know how much I hate cranberries.
I know, Mary. I'm so sorry, Mary.
How does this sound to you, Tucker?
Hello, America. I'm Mary Hart.
On tonight's show, the death of a senior producer who gave me cranberries!
Idiot!
How could you not know after all these years together that I hate cranberries?
! I hate them...
Ah, my good Lord Craigmore, bastard son of Leon Ravenhelm, to what do I owe this honor?
Ah, Lady Zelda Dragonbreast,
I have come to avenge thee... and perhaps do some ravaging?
Well, the ravaging will hate to wait because seriously, the show's about to start.
I couldn't find mutton, so chicken wings will have to do.
Bonnie: Open up! It's me!
I found mutton!
What is she doing here?
How did she know?
Well, she either figured it out on her own, or she guilted me into inviting her.
I'm honestly not sure.
Just... just tell her to go away.
Okay, fine.
I'll tell her that it's just us tonight.
Yeah.
I mean, sure. Yeah.
I was devastated when Brad left, you know, but now, I'm just lonely.
You know, and I can't go get all un-lonely because I'm married.
Stupid morals.
Mary: Hello, America. I'm Mary Hart.
On tonight's show, the death of a senior producer who gave me cranberries!
Yeah, thanks for the instant replay, but I'm still picking the cranberries out of my ears, so I'm good.
Dude, I'm trying to show you how pathetic you look.
You know, I wish I had physical proof of my mistakes.
Ben!
Not now, Emma.
Ben, why is this such a big deal?
All I see is a completely normal employee-employer relationship.
Oh?
Oh, is that what you see?
Oh, okay. Then maybe we should take a survey and find out what other people think.
How about I just post it online and get some feedback for you?
- Oh, you do that. - Oh, I will.
- Good. - Here I go.
- I'm waiting. - So doing it.
- So not caring. - All right.
- Three, two, one... - Give it to me.
Nope. No. Stop.
No, no.
Fine. Yes, Mary is a horrible person.
She's also a compulsive gambler and a philanderer, so what's your point?
You're better than this!
You've gotta stand up for yourself, man.
Fine. I'll talk to her.
You're a good friend.
I know.
You're really lucky.
How about I buy you a beer to celebrate, huh?
Come on.
On tonight's show,
- the death of a senior producer - (Tablet beeps) who gave me cranberries!
Idiot!
How could you not remember after all of these years... (Ben laughing)
The kitty doesn't even know the bunny's in the basket.
Cats are stupid.
I think we lost her!
I knew your mom was fast, but she actually scissor-kicked over the subway turnstiles.
You guys are amateurs.
Always run through a bar.
She has to stop.
Wait, wait, wait. This isn't good.
How could you not remember after all of these years of working together how much I hate cranberries? ! What?
No!
Oh, my God! How is this online? !
A million views? !
Oh, my God. I have to warn Tucker.
Oh, no. Come on.
Come on, sweetie. Let's go.
Aah, pick up. Pick up, pick up, pick up, pick up.
Oh, God.
- Aah, come on. Voicemail? - (Elevator dings)
Mom! Hey, perfect.
Can you please take Emma to daycare?
I have an emergency. Mary's about to kill Tucker.
Oh. Yeah. Tell me when that's on.
I want to record it.
Riley: Oh, my God, Danny. Please!
Your mother is driving me crazy!
Danny: Don't get mad at me!
You're the one who invited her over last night!
Uh, yeah. Yeah, that's only because you couldn't stand up to her.
She spent the night at my place and then she went to breakfast with us, and now she's gonna go to the movies with us?
Do not think for one second that she's going to Mary Hart's SweetHart show tomorrow because we only have two tickets and I already planned to give the free Crock-Pot to my mom for Christmas!
Well, what am I supposed to do?
Tell her I'd rather spend time along with my girlfriend than with my own mother?
!
Yes.
Danny, that's exactly what you're supposed to do.
I mean, if you don't stand up to her now, this is only going to get worse.
I mean, today it's a Crock-Pot, tomorrow it's our anniversary.
Wait, tomorrow's our anniversary?
I mean... tomorrow's our anniversary.
Hope you didn't forget.
No, Danny.
I am saying that this is about our future, and I'm not saying that you have to choose between us, but at some point, you're gonna have to choose between us.
Oh, I think we both know how this is gonna end.
Someone is about to get schooled... and it ain't gonna be me.
High five it.
Fist it.
Woogidy woogidy.
Care to explain what this is?
Oh. You know what?
It's basically just a really big phone.
You know what I mean?
No, this.
Oh, no, no, no. This is not happening.
They're saying, "Mary has no Hart."
I wish that didn't sound so evil because it's catchy as hell.
No! No, no, no.
No, of course you have a heart!
No, Mary puts the Hart in heart.
 Mary 
Right?
Obviously someone is jealous of our close, professional relationship.
Perhaps I overreacted with the cranberries.
I'm... I'm sorry, are you apologizing?
Oh, my God, no.
But seeing this made me realize just how much I... appreciate you.
So, I want to make you an executive producer... as long as you find out who did this, publicly humiliate them, and fire them.
I'm on it.
Thank you, Mary.
Tucker, hey! Whatever you do, don't...
What's up, Mary?
Well, hello there, stranger.
Wait, why do you look so familiar?
I work here.
I'm, um...
I'm Jason.
What do you do here, Jason?
I make the melon balls.
Well, make them smaller next time.
It's bad for my face to chew.
Danny: Mom?
Oh, hey, Ma.
Mamacita.
Best mom in the world.
I was hoping we could have a little chat...
Are you crying?
It's nothing.
I was just sitting here thinking about you, and, you know, how amazing you've been during this painful, awful time.
You're not just my son.
You're my best friend.
And all my friends, you know, they complain that their kids never want to spend any time with them, but not me.
No.
I always say, "I have the best son in the world."
- What about Ben?
- What about Ben?
Listen, honey.
I know that I have been very intrusive lately, but you have honestly saved my life.
You know I'd do anything for you, Mom.
I know.
And you know what would really help me?
Make me feel whole again?
I would just really love to go to that Mary Hart whatever-she-calls-it thing with you.
Wait, the SweetHart Special?
But I've only got two tickets and Riley's got her heart set on it.
I mean, we've got our costumes picked out and everything.
That is a problem... but I know you'll do the right thing.
Look at myself.
Dude, I'm gonna get my own Tucker to scream at!
But don't you still have to find a fall guy and fire someone?
Oh, please. Believe me, I've got a list.
Enjoy your last stolen yogurt, Todd.
Payback for my applesauce, bitch.
What about Jason?
I have the advantage of actually being guilty and I don't actually work here, so no one actually gets hurt.
Yeah!
Yeah, that's genius!
Mary!
After an extensive investigation
I've traced the video to Jason's phone.
Well, Jason, why don't you just take that pretty face of yours and your melon baller and get out?
You're fired!
I can't believe we just got away with that, man!
We're geniuses!
I mean, Mary is kind of a moron, right?
I mean, like, a big, dumb blond.
That thing's not actually on, is it?
No. This?
I'm not an idiot.
Mary: Tucker!
Yeah, I guess it is on.
What flavor do you want your goodbye cake to be?
- No! - No, no, no...
Fired.
Man, I did not see that coming.
You shot the video, your kid posted it online, and it was your idea to fire Jason.
You were in charge of it coming.
Oh, yeah?
Well, I worked in TV for one hour, and even I know how the headsets work.
I know how the headsets work, okay? !
And I also know how friends work.
And if you weren't so busy trying to teach me some stupid lesson, none of this would have happened.
This is my career, Ben.
And you just destroyed it.
Oh, hey. How am I doing?
Funny you should ask. Um, not well.
Because despite my talking about the Mary Hart Special for the last six months,
I am now not going.
Am I supposed to have any idea what you're talking about?
Shiver me timbers!
Who's ready to hunt some dragons?
Tally ho!
No one on Clash of Dragons has said that.
Ever.
Is Danny ready?
This corset's got about four hours on it before m'ladies explode.
(giggles) Thanks for the ticket, Riley.
Your mom stole my boyfriend.
Uh, kind of the one woman I didn't think I'd have to worry about.
Well, Tucker gave me two tickets. You can have 'em.
Really?
Oh, my God!
Well, will you go with me?
Because you can only get in if you're dressed as a famous couple from history.
Please, please, please?
Uh, well, won't me going with you make Danny...
Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
And that's what us girlfriends call a win-win.
No, no, no. I can't. I can't.
Do you have any idea what Mary would do if she sees me?
I mean, after she hits on me of course.
She may not like my melon balls, but she definitely likes my...
You get the point.
You know what?
That's genius!
Yes, yes! I will go with you!
Okay. Yay!
All right, what's a costume that we can do at the last minute?
Um, I've got a black wig and some 60s clothes.
Sonny and Cher?
Yes!
Oh, my God, that's perfect!
Plus, they were great friends after their breakup, and you know, it's... it's just like us!
Yeah, so totally like us! Yeah!
Really?
How was I supposed to know you wanted to be Cher?
Uh, again, I'm gonna go with, "Really?"
Riley?
What are you doing here?
And why are you with my brother?
I don't know, because Ben didn't dump me for his mother?
Because Ben is a true friend.
Because Ben would never abandon me.
Ben's gotta go.
See you later, Riles. Wish me luck.
- Hey, Sonny. - Hey, Mom.
Oh, hey, Riles.
Ever hear the expression,
"Two is company, three is a pathetic girl dressed as Cher with no partner"?
Tucker?
What are you doing?
I found this costume on the couch.
Figured it was the perfect way to get past security.
Don't you work here?
Oh, when I'm done with this show, nobody is gonna work here.
Okay?
It's time I got my dignity back.
Hey, Mary. It's me, Jason.
What are you doing here?
I think we both know what I'm doing here.
I saw how you looked at me before.
Oh, you're here to seduce me just like the real Sonny did in '79.
You bet I am.
Should we lock the doors so your husband doesn't walk in on us?
Please, I've done this 100 times before and he never found out.
He's about as in the dark as the IRS is about my Swiss accounts.
Now... why don't you make a deposit at Infidelity Bank?
- Gotcha! - Mary:
Now... why don't you make a deposit at Infidelity Bank?
What do you want?
I want you to give Tucker his job back unless you want this to get out too.
You know he deserves it.
He does everything to please you and all you've ever done is crush his spirit.
Fine.
I actually need Tucker.
His little revenge video doubled the show ratings.
So he can have his job back?
Sure.
Now put the mustache on and take me back to 1979.
Okay, SweetHarts, let's do this.
Hey, hey.
Where's your partner?
Oh, he was just here.
Sorry, couples only.
Desperate singles is next week.
If you could just give me a minute, he'll be right back.
Rules are rules.
- I swear. - You two, you two, next.
Riley, I am so sorry.
Danny, come on! Hurry up.
The gay pirate boys are taking our seats!
As soon as this is over, I'm going to make it up to you.
Danny, come on! I gave you life!
She's just giving you a hard time.
- Can you give me a minute? - No, Danny. It's fine.
- Yeah, Danny. Not now. - Mom, enough!
You've been controlling, bossy, and honestly, a pain in my neck.
I'm sorry that you're lonely, but you're not the woman that I love.
Riley is.
So, you need to back up out of my life and get your own.
Well, it's about time!
Both: What?
Danny, I have been in your face the last two days, trying to get you to push me away.
No man should let his mother come between him and the love of his life.
And no woman wants to be with a guy who can't stand up to his mother.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I was right about this corset and my m'ladies are about to blow, so...
Oh, God.
Tucker?
How many times do I have to tell you to stop stealing my clothes?
It doesn't matter. I got great news.
So do I, man.
Look, I finally realized you were right.
This job, this humiliation, it's beneath me.
I am better than Mary Hart.
- I got your job back. - Oh, my God! You did?
!
That's amazing!
I love this job!
Man over speaker: And we're live in five seconds.
 Mary 
No, no, no, no.
I slipped something to my buddy in the audio booth.
I gotta stop him.
(auto-tuned)  Hello, America 
 I'm Mary Hart, Hart, Hart 
 50 pounds of 
 50 pounds of weed 
 Are these cranberries?

 I hate, I hate cranberries! 
 I hate them as much as I hate you 
 And that's a lot! 
 Keep throwing 
 Keep throwing 
 Keep throwing cranberries! 
 Tucker! 
Hey, man, uh... how'd you get my job back?
Any chance it'll work again?
I'll be right back.
Hey, Mom, watch this.
Emma, it's time for bed.
Let's go put your pajamas on, okay?
Okay.
(chuckles) Yeah.
Now who's standing up to a two-year-old?
All right, my little monkey.
Come on.
There we go. All right.
Let's get your jammies on.
Okay.
Oh, right.
Sorry.
Here's your cookie, sweetheart.
Previously, on "Brockmire."
Ten years ago, your breakdown in the booth and press conference were like the original viral videos.
Who am I broadcasting to?
You'll be doing exclusive play-by-play to the stadium.
I'm the P.A. announcer?
Here comes the pitch...
Well, that was nothin' if not predictable.
You're starting to look good to me, and you're a goddamn disaster.
A surprise finger in the keister!
And Brockmire is into it.
You think I'm ever gonna be remembered for anything except for the worst moments of my life?
You're "Brutal Brockmire" till the day you die.
"Fun fact, Butterman is"...
Jenny, we got to watch these cards.
Sip.
Yeah?
We need to talk.
Um, all right.
Let's, uh, take a quick break.
Give us the room, please, ladies.
No, I don't want one.
Uh, if we're about to have the conversation I think we are, you're gonna want one.
So, you've seen the pictures?
I have not.
Look, they're blowing it out of proportion.
It was just a Halloween costume.
Six years broadcasting with you in this booth and they want to kick me to the curb over some goofy pictures?
"Goofy pictures"?
You're in goddamn lingerie kissing a woman dressed as a man.
Robbie, that's Kansas City out there, not "Caba-goddamn-ret."
So, you have seen them?
Well, of course I've seen them. Everybody's seen them.
And why'd you have to be so goddamn attractive in them, especially after 9/11?
What's 9/11 have to do with anything?
9/11 has to do with everything. People are still fragile.
They can't handle the confusing feelings brought on by the combination of your delicate features and muscular build.
I know I couldn't.
Look, I'm swallowing my pride, and I'm asking you for help.
Because... frankly, you have an insane amount of power.
And with one word, you can save me.
Come on, Jim.
A broadcast team is still a team.
Look, Robbie, you're too late, all right?
It's already been done.
Who's my replacement?
Well you're looking at him.
Robbie, they offered me a one-man booth.
I mean, can you believe it?
I mean, Red Barber, Vince Scully, and now Jim Brockmire.
I just... I can't get over it.
Look, friend, this'll all blow over soon.
You'll be fine.
Few years from now, they're gonna invite you back for Old Timers Day.
It'll be like none of this ever happened.
Look, I-I just...
I want to thank you for everything...
Vince Scully is a legend.
You're a deep voice in a cheap suit.
People will learn that eventually.
The real you is too ugly to hide forever.
Now, just relax.
The break between a double header is the best time in baseball.
It's that perfect blend of postgame high and pregame jitters.
It's known as the broadcaster's speed ball.
Okay, the only thing dumber than playing two boring-ass baseball games in one day is putting a two-hour delay in between the boring-ass games.
You just have to use the time to contemplate the more important things in life, like rye whisky, for example.
This is the first American...
Hey, pay attention.
... first American booze made by the colonists when rum started to become scarce.
Rye whisky has a quiet dignity about it.
Please, stop. Stop it.
I watch you get drunk all day every day.
Yeah, I just can't bear to hear you describe it.
Can we maybe try to have a conversation?
Okay.
Um, well, do you have any questions for me?
No. I already know everything about you.
You've literally never asked me a question about myself.
Oh, come on. That's not true.
Just yesterday I asked you...
I asked you if my breath still smelled like vomit.
All right, no, point taken. Point taken.
_
_
_
_ Hey. Make sure and translate what I'm about to say.
- It's important. - For the last time,
I am not his translator.
I am a reporter... hm... Assigned to cover him.
Whatever, man. Just help me out here, okay?
- Fine, fine, fine. - Hey, yo, listen up!
Hey, since we got to kill sometime today before the second game of the double header,
I thought we should do our first kangaroo court of the year, baby.
This is for the new guys. This is how the Frackers do it.
You accuse someone of an offense.
They argue their case, and then we vote.
Hey. You getting all this?
Uh, yes, yes. Hey, Yoshi.
_
- Ah?
- "Ah."
Exactly.
If they are guilty, they pay the fine into the kitty.
Now, remember, the kitty is for the beer and the porn website passwords we share, so pay up!
Pay up!
Hey, who wants to start?
- Me! Me! - Right here!
Right here! Hey, hey!
Elton missed a bunt sign last week.
- Ooh! - A-At Slippery Rock?
I thought Coach gave me the swing away.
Hey, what says the room?
Guilty!
Hey! I'd like to accuse Elton again.
What's the offense?
Just, like, being a whiny little bitch.
What are you guys even talking about?
!
Guilty!
- Guilty! - I have someone.
I accuse el hijo de la porra, "Ooshi."
"Unchi da."
"It's Yoshi."
"Unchi." - Ooh. - Oh.
- Okay.
Why do you work for a baseball team when you are so defiantly ignorant about the game?
This team is the only thing that makes our town special.
I plan on getting some experience here, then moving to New York to finally start my life.
Sounds like a decent plan for you.
You'd probably do pretty well in Chelsea if you just bulk up a little bit.
You know, 'cause right now you got the delicate frame of a twink, but you don't quite have the temperament.
Um... What?
I say you have the delicate frame of a twink...
No, I-I heard you.
I just...
I'm not gay, Brockmire.
And why would you think that I am?
'Cause I never seen you with a girl, you're uncomfortable in your own skin, and you tend to hug the walls when you're in public.
See, what you just described is a socially awkward nerd.
That's who I am.
I panic around girls and crowds and people I don't know.
All right, but I also used your computer to look up some naked photos of Ann-Margret...
- Okay, wow!
- ... and I discovered what you called your "inspiration" folder, which is really just a bunch of pictures of handsome men in various states of dress.
What you found was my fashion inspiration folder.
Okay, did you wonder why 90% of those photos were just of shoes?
I just figured that was some kind of a gay black thing.
I need your language skills.
Locker room is about to explode.
I mean, they were speaking Japanese and Spanish so fast
I could barely understand what they were saying.
I've seen my fair share of kangaroo courts, but I've never seen anything like this.
It's all gonna be fine.
It's just the locker room's way of cleansing itself.
It all gets worked out...
Yep. Whoa! Whoa!
Please, just tranquillo, all right? And you guys, uh...
Nobody do anything.
All right, so, here's the deal.
Um, the Latin players all have Uribe's back, but the pitchers all support Yoshi.
All right, but this is okay.
This is just... This is the way the locker room cleanses itself.
Oh, no, no, no.
No matter how this thing shakes out, one half of this locker room is not gonna play with the other, so, no, this is a doozy of a pickle of a shit storm.
Anyhoos, best of luck to you.
Wait a minute.
For some reason, our attendance is back in the crapper.
We can't alienate the rest of the fans we have by canceling the second game.
You have to fix this.
I do?
Me?
Why me?
I-I'm the P.A. announcer.
'Cause nobody else in town speaks both Spanish and Japanese, and you know,
Yoshi's translator's gotten really uppity lately.
You know, I know I could help, but why would I?
Hey, that... No, that's your team, not mine.
You have something better to do?
I do, actually. - I was "pontifidrinking"...
Right now?
- You have somewhere to be? - Okay, how about you help me...
- which is a portmanteau of "pontificating"
... because last night when you knocked on my door at 3:00 in the morning high on speed begging me to be your girlfriend...
Whoa, whoa, hey.
Just because I don't want to wear a condom anymore does not make me your boyfriend.
There was an implicit agreement that you would give back
- as much as I'm giving.
- What are you talking about?
I've been going down on you so much lately
I put your pussy down as my forwarding address.
I'm not talking about giving back sexually, because that should just stay the same or increase if possible.
I'm talking about a favor.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
I'm gonna bring Jim in.
He's gonna help us figure this out.
All right, look...
We all want justice here.
Justice will be if the richest guy on the team pays a $100 fine.
[Players shouting indistinctly
"If you're looking to blame somebody"
for your injuries, perhaps you should not stand
"so close on top of the plate."
"You penis biter." Whoa! Guys.
Look, it's obvious that some kind of a bush-league kangaroo court is not gonna settle this.
So, instead we're gonna do a Major League kangaroo court.
That's actually not a bad idea.
All right. Major League kangaroo court...
So, that means evidence, witnesses, the whole shebang.
Now, Uribe's gonna be the prosecutor, all right?
I will be the defense attorney.
Now, we need a judge...
Somebody who is impartial who's not caught up in all of this baseball drama.
Yo, Drake and Taylor Swift are dating!
Albums, y'all!
What's going on?
What is this trial even about, though?
Uribe wanted Yoshi to throw a pitch and hit a batter on the other team.
Oh. Well, that's easy. Uribe's guilty.
- Mnh, no.
- No. That's a... That's a standard baseball request.
Yoshi's on trial 'cause he didn't do it.
Baseball is a up sport, and I want you to know it. Hey. Every...
Everyone.
Um, uh, Mr. Uribe, do you have any evidence you'd like to...
Oh, s.
- Oh! - Ooh.
Oh, damn.
Okay.
Okay.
"Rawlings" is spelled out backwards inside the bruise.
Yep, that's a baseball right there.
That's horrifying. S. Verdad.
I call my witness... Ryan Stanton.
Mr. Stanton,
What did I tell you after ratreria's pitch hit Uribe?
You told me to tell Yoshi to hurt him...
Then some Dominican gibberish.
- But you understood what I meant.
- Yeah. You wanted payback.
Exactamente!
Payback...
So, did you give him my message?
I made sure it was told.
No more preguntas.
Yoshi... _
_
_
_
_
_
All right.
Um, Mr. Stanton... so you... you didn't tell Yoshi yourself?
I told Coach Pompom to give him the word, then I watched Coach Pompom go over there and tell him.
You watched him, but did you hear what he said?
No.
Okay, so your testimony is that you don't really know anything.
I assumed...
Whoa, knowledge and assumptions, those are like Loggins and Messina.
They seem similar, but time proves one of them to be completely worthless.
Gentlemen, a moment.
Probably just a misunderstanding.
Yeah, Pompom must've called an audible and he didn't tell Yoshi to throw at anybody.
We just got to get Pompom to testify, and, boom, everybody's happy.
Yeah, the only problem is Pompom ran out of here, and I have no idea where he is.
Well, knowing Pompom, he's probably out doing something weirder than shit.
All right, I'm gonna go try to find whatever rock he crawled under.
Can you stall?
Some would argue that's what I do for a living.
You guys seen Pompom?
Anybody? Guys? Have you seen Pompom?
Julia James...
How's my favorite owner?
Uh, not great, Gary.
Not great.
Attendance was really light today, and now I see why.
Can't compete with free money.
Yeah, we're just doing a little positive P.R.
for Pennsylvania Shale.
We got to coordinate on this kind of thing, though, 'cause weekend ticket sales make my nut.
Oh, sorry about that. This one came up kind of fast, you know?
Two or three puppies were born without legs, and everybody plays the blame game.
That's really my job at Pennsylvania Shale, you know, to put out fires.
Oh, you guys gonna finally put out that fire on Euclid Avenue?
Metaphorical fires...
The literal fire on Euclid will be burning long after we've left this earth.
What the shit?
There's one of these events scheduled for every Frackers home game.
I don't have the schedule in front of me, so I'm gonna have to take your word on that.
Jesus Christ, you goddamn piece of shit!
Pennsylvania Shale's trying to ruin the season, and you're helping them!
Jules, I'm not gonna lie to you.
Hey, guess what!
You don't know who you're messing with!
I'm gonna Lucy them right in their asses!
Pompom! - Hm? Hi, Ms. James.
- We got to go. This way.
- Yeah, let's hustle, okay?
- All right. We don't want the kittens to come out of the basket.
So, why did Hitler invade Russia and voluntarily start a war on two fronts?
Well, he was still basically the same reckless man from the Beer Hall Putsch in 1923.
He let impatience overwhelm strategy.
Oh, um, anywhoodles, the point is this.
If you're gonna chew tobacco, don't let it get all over the floor.
That's what Hitler would've done. Uh, quick side bar, then I'm gonna call my final witness.
What?
What's the matter with you?
No, nothing... just Pennsylvania Shale's trying to destroy me, and also Gary's evil.
So, go ahead and gloat.
You were right about him.
Oh, no, no, now, you think I'm the kind of guy that likes to say, "I told you so,"
but that's not true.
I love to say it, and I will be doing so in the days and months ahead at random moments when you least expect it.
We got 20 minutes till the next game.
Can we wrap this up, please?
- All right, a quick question...
- Yeah.
When you and Pompom were walking back, did you talk at all about how I told you so?
And it begins.
All right, I call Pompom.
All right, Stanton has testified that he thought you told Yoshi to bean the pitcher.
But what did you actually say?
I told Yoshi to bean the pitcher. Mm.
Then, I said if he didn't, he might permanently alienate his teammates.
Now, I remember it well because there was a middle-aged woman slowly eating a corn dog in the stands behind him, and I filed the whole thing away in my spank bank.
Compelling testimony.
Look, he says that that conversation, it never happened.
Well, then, Szechuan Sam is lying.
Yoshi says that he refuses to play for any team that calls him a liar.
_
_
_
- Yoshi, he quits.
- Yoshi!
Yoshi! Yoshi, we can work something out! Oh, boy.
Your best player leaving on the same day that a billion-dollar company declares war on you.
That has got to be a kick in the kitty cat.
I think the important thing here is, though, that I helped.
Why is that important?
Because I didn't have to.
I just don't get how Pompom and Yoshi can have such wildly different versions of the same exact conversation.
I mean, it was just the two of them.
Wait, the...
The three of them, because the translator had to be there, right? Oh! Oh, shit!
Wait. Did I just solve it?
I think that you did, yeah.
I knew it.
I knew I solved it. Look at me on my "Law Order:
SVU"typeshit. Just set me up, and I knocked it out like,
- "These are their stories."
- Yeah, very nice. But for the record, when I tell this story,
I'm gonna be the one that solves it.
It's just it's gonna flow better that way.
Hey, hey, cut the bull... Hey!
Cut the bullshit. Why are you trying to take away Yoshi's last chance?
I had to get him to quit.
I cannot live here.
Just 10 minutes ago, I saw a child who was so fat that he could not get up off his back.
H-He look like a-a tortoise.
Holy shit, is that kid still there?
Oh, yeah. You didn't try to help him up either, huh?
Oh, no, ugh. H-He looked very sticky.
Hai, hai.
- Among other things.
Look, I know you feel the same as I do about this town.
Every game, I listen to you get drunk to deal with the reality that you are trapped here in this place.
No, no, I just have a drinking problem, friend.
But you're not wrong.
This town is... a gaping shit hole.
So... So, why do you care what happens here?
And that was the moment that I realized that I cared.
Why did I care? Because I was finally part of a team.
I didn't mean to join it, but, you know, when you care about one person, then you start to care about who they care about, and on and on that goes until you look around one day and you realize
that there's a group of people you'd actually fight for, and that goes for everybody in this room.
We are all part of a team. Look, I live my life very selfishly.
The last teammate I had, I betrayed him.
Why? Because of ambition and my own very narrow-minded views on sex.
But with age and experience, I've come to realize, fellas, that sexuality is...
Well, it's really more of a spectrum. Yes, it is.
No, it is. Guys, one time when I was in Estonia...
No, no, no, just stay with me on this.
I was hiking through the forest, and I came upon what must've been a cruising spot for gay men.
In the center of this clearing was what could best be described as...
Well, it was a stump...
Ohh!
... worn smooth from years of casual anonymous encounters.
- That is enough of that!
- Guys... guys after guys...
All right, we are already 10 minutes late for warm ups.
Let's go! Come on now!
Yoshi, my friend, are you joining us? Ah.
_ _
_
_
- Yeah, he's real happy to be here.
- Ah!
Look, the truth is I speak Japanese at a third-grade level, so you're gonna have
- to get somebody else to translate.
- That's okay.
I am just so glad something finally broke my way today and everything got resolved.
- All right. - No, no, no, no, Miss Jules. Mnh-mnh.
What can I do for you, my friend? I still don't have payback for the Summerville pitcher.
I actually have an idea about that.
Now, your mom didn't say it was an emergency exactly, but it did sound kind of important.
So, just go straight back there.
You'll see a phone. Straight back.
Yoshi Takatsu?
I am a big fan. Whoa!
- Charles. - Mm-hmm?
I just want to say I'm sorry if I went a little overboard on all of that gay stuff, you know?
The truth is everybody in your generation seems gay to me.
But I want you to know... Ooh! - I want you to know, Charles...
- Hm? ... that whatever you become, I think it's gonna be really special.
You know why?
'Cause you're smart - and you don't take any shit, son...
- Hey, whoa!
... and that's exactly what you need to navigate the cold chaos of this world.
Aah! Aaah!
T-Thank you.
You're killing me! Thank you!
- "Ooshi," no!
- We should...
We should... Let's... Let's...
Let's get out of here. Hurry up.
You know, this whole thing has showed me that you and I, w-we're kind of a team, too.
We're kind of like... We're kind of like boyfriend and girlfriend.
Yeah, I know, Jim.
- You do?
- Mm-hmm. How long have you known that?
Mm... when I stopped paying for your hotel room 'cause you were sleeping at my apartment every night.
So, wait. A-Are we living together?
If it offends your delicate sensibilities, you can tell yourself you're squatting.
I need a beer. - I'll grab you one.
- No, that's all right.
Goddamn, you are beautiful.
Lucy?
- I'm Xavier, with an "X". - Your life is so much fun.
- Got to live life while I can. - What does that mean?
Humankind only has eight months and 12 days left on Earth.
- You're serious.
- Yeah, the apocalypse is, um, nigh.
This is my apocalyst.
This is every last thing I want to do before things go kaput.
You in?
Previously on No Tomorrow...
How about number three, talk to Dad?
No. Okay, not ready for that one.
Yet.
Ten grand cash on delivery.
Dude, I don't have that; put my life on plastic.
Francis "Fern" Fernberger.
Cute.
I broke up with my Internet girlfriend.
May I have this dance?
That'll be $245.
Look what I found.
Oh, my God, it's hideous.
I know.
We'll take it.
Come on. Yeah.
- Ow, my arm. - Oh, okay.
She hit and a miss.
Here are your old yearbooks, and there's a couple more boxes for you in the car.
So are you guys like spring cleaning in the fall, or...?
Well, we're renting out our house
- for a few months. - Really?
Why?
Oh, we're just being proactive about finances.
Just at least until your dad's acting career takes off.
Big audition tomorrow, check it out.
From the boardroom to the bathroom,
I'm the kind of man who likes things to go smoothly.
FloMaFill.
For the man with high standards and low flow.
- It's really good. - Yeah.
Wait, where are you guys gonna live when you're renting out your house?
Oh, well, we found a nice little artist's studio near Pioneer Square.
Pioneer Square?
Near the blood bank and the adult bookstore?
It'll be an adventure.
It'll be like...
like our first New Year's together.
Remember?
How we got snowed in at your Uncle Eddie's cabin?
All we had to eat were baked beans and hot dog buns.
Wow.
That sounds...
Awful.
I mean, their new place is an eighth-floor walk-up.
It has a Murphy bed.
Oh, cool.
- Not cool. - Oh, okay. Not cool.
It's still pretty cool.
Should I just let them stay with me?
I mean, I probably should, right?
- I have "repay Mom and Dad" on my list. - _
You know, they raised me, they helped me pay for college;
I owe them something.
Whoa!
What the fig? !
What... Whoa!
What are you doing?
Well, I was burning a letter.
- Why?
- Because I have no intention of ever reading it.
It's from my father.
But... "talk to Dad" is on your list.
So is crash-land on a tropical island, and survive on nothing but guile and wit, but some things are more likely than others.
Don't destroy it; I mean, you might change your mind.
It's an unwanted intrusion.
To be honest, I don't even know how he got my P.O. box number.
Well, now you sound paranoid.
Oh, my God, that remind me, I'm late for lunch with Hank.
Well, you two have gotten tight.
Could we get a couple of coffees?
A double-double and an espresso, please?
- Yeah. - Thank you.
- Sorry.
- So, uh... how are things with Deirdre?
- Something's brewing. - Is it?
Though, technically, that brew could get us both fired.
Well, I'm sure it's nothing you can't work around.
There it is again.
Hank, have you noticed there's a black van with two guys in it over there?
- Where?
- Dude, right over...
D-don't point, don't point.
J-just-just describe the van to me.
Um, just a black van with tinted windows.
Shh!
They could be reading your lips.
Talk without moving them, talk like this.
It's, uh, it's a black van with tinted windows.
Okay, black man with scented Mentos. Got it.
There's... No.
That's not what I...
How did you get that from what I was...
That's exactly what you just said.
- You said...
- I said... there's a black van with tinted windows, and there are two guys staring at the back of your head.
What kind of plates?
There are no plates.
- No plates?
- No.
- Oh, man. They found me. - Who?
- Government goons.
- What?
They've been following my Jade Helm chat room activity.
Oh, thanks.
Thank you.
I have to go to the public restroom.
I'm gonna sneak out through the bushes.
Let me know if they tail me.
All right, yeah. Your credit card was declined.
Oh.
Uh, sorry... here.
- Uh, keep the... change.
_
This is so exciting.
Yeah. It's just like old times.
Okay, yeah.
Bye. Bye, bye.
Why do you look so happy?
Because my parents are moving in with me.
Wow. That is sad on so many levels:
That it's happening, that you're excited about it.
Okay. Just the two levels.
Look, speaking of dreaded family time,
I need you to come with me to dinner tomorrow night at my mom's.
My brother's trotting out his new fiance.
Aw!
You've never introduced me to your family before.
This is so special.
We're going to the next rung on the friendship ladder.
Okay.
Now what I need for you to do, is find a way to take all those words, and put them back in your mouth, because I find them nauseating.
Okay, that was worse.
Look, I'm not inviting you as some sort of friendship-deepening gesture.
I just need backup to get through the excruciating ritual of meeting one of Rohan's basic bitches.
The last one was a professional shopper with a Maltipoo named Chanel.
Maltipoo's are the cutest.
Like little puffy clouds with faces.
Just wanted to remind you of your 3:00 conference call, and, uh, can you sign these papers for me?
You want me to transfer you to a new desk.
I feel I've reached my maximum potential as your assistant, and I'd like to move on.
If you're planning on suing me for sexual harassment, you should know this is not my first rodeo.
You're messing with the wrong cowgirl, Hank.
- I could... - No, no, no, no.
I figured that if I was at another desk, you and I could... develop a different dynamic in our relationship.
And when would you care to commence this new chapter?
I thought... dinner tomorrow night.
I can't wait to experience our combustible chemistry outside the office.
Thanks, again for your generosity.
We promise to pitch in and not be a bother.
Yep, that's right. In fact, you know what?
I'm gonna make dinner tonight.
I hope you gals like ramen.
I got ten packets for ten bucks.
Keepin' it thrifty.
Oh, Mom, let me help.
Oh!
Oh, dang it.
Oh, no.
My aromatherapy diffuser.
Mom, that's okay.
You can get those at Chatchke Palace for, like, ten dollars.
It's not the diffusor.
It's just this whole situation.
I mean, your dad made this huge decision to quit his job, without even consulting me.
And now everything just feels so shaky.
- Have you told Dad how you feel?
- No.
I can't. His aura is burning brighter than it has in years.
It's yellow, Evie; yellow.
Wow.
But, Mom, if this is causing you stress, then...
I just need to breathe through it.
I need you to promise not to say anything to your dad.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Hank. Hank, I need your help.
They're not following you, they're following me.
Now, if my suspicions are correct, and the government is trying to silence me
- because my theory is right... - Yeah.
how do I avoid surveillance?
First, ditch the smartphone; flip phones only.
Put tape over the camera in your computer.
Black out your windows.
You should be writing this down.
But then burn it.
Can you just come to my house and help me?
No can do; got my own big thing to prep for.
First date with Deirdre on the books.
As someone who recently had an incredible first date with a dynamo named Francis, here's my advice.
Find out what she's into, and then also be into it.
Francis loves deep tissue massage.
I mean, she loves it. She's like, blah.
So I have been working on my thumb strength.
Whoa!
Can I just, like...
No.
I need to know what her thing is.
It's probably something freaky like... like puppetry or... or poison oak... or cling wrap.
Hmm.
M-Maybe, um, maybe her thing is-is-is the same as your thing.
She did say once
- that she likes noises. - There you go.
I just need to figure out which ones.
No, my mom is the real actor.
She keeps pretending everything's fine.
So just tell your dad what's up.
I can't. I promised I wouldn't say anything.
She doesn't want to seem unsupportive.
So she suffers in silence for months on end only to pull a carving knife on him one day at the family picnic?
I saw it in an episode of SNAPPED.
He bled out.
Yeah.
Okay. So...
Well, they definitely need to start communicating, and I feel like that's how I can repay them for everything that they've done for me.
_
Wow, that sounds so beautiful.
What did she say?
Uh, she asked how spicy you like your chole.
Oh. Regular.
I'm very happy to meet, uh, Kareema's best work friend.
Hank is an unusual name for a girl.
Oh, no.
Hank couldn't make it, so I invited Evie instead.
Well, I am so happy to be here.
I didn't even know Kareema had a brother.
We want to make him and his fiance feel most welcome tonight.
- Ugh. - So Kareema's going to be nice.
- I'm always nice. - Hm.
Sometimes always nice.
Ah!
- Fine, never. - Hello? Hey.
- Rohan. - Mom!
Hi!
Reems!
Put me down.
Hi! I'm Evie.
I'm-I'm Kareema's
- Nice to meet you. - second best work friend.
Uh, everybody, this... is Sofia.
Hello.
- Hello. - I am so sorry we're a little late.
- Oh... - I was on the phone with my mom.
She's redoing her kitchen, and I had to talk her out of stenciling some clich on the wall.
Fatal, right?
So fatal.
- Let me take you upstairs. - Oh, yeah.
- Yeah. - Show you your rooms. Excuse me.
Okay?
This way. Careful.
This way.
This is interesting.
I'm not very familiar with Pennsylvania Dutch cuisine.
Best hog maw in all of Seattle.
It's delightfully gamey.
Yeah.
That, uh, sound is deeply irritating.
- Sorry. - Hm.
What are you doing?
Um... just... chewing.
In my ear?
Did you know... that people who are sexually aroused by the sound of balloons popping call themselves...
"looners"?
Balloons are for children and the terminally ill.
Sure, yeah.
These are from my trip to Cameroon.
Oh, so beautiful.
I was bitten by at least 60 different types of bugs.
But it was totally worth it.
You two make a wonderful couple.
Um, I was thinking of checking out this band, Telekinesis.
I heard they're pretty badass. Maybe they could play
- at the wedding. - Yeah.
I-I love them.
I actually know the bassist's, um, boyfriend and girlfriend, if you want me to get you guys tickets...
Well, thank you.
You're so nice.
I'm really not, usually.
But I am.
Scarlet Lotus Spa?
You two need to be pampered.
You've been living in a tent.
I'm not crazy about strangers touching me, Mom.
Whereas it's the foundation of my social life.
Actually, why don't the two of you go?
It'll give you a chance to bond.
But we've already bonded. Right, Kareema?
Yeah. I mean, I already like her more than I like you,
- so... - See?
She's not that nice.
You're so funny.
You know what?
I'm not gonna run from you anymore. So you found me.
You can silence me, but you can't silence all the people I've told...
I've spread my theory far and wide.
I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
Yeah, well, of course you'd say that, wouldn't you?
Wait a minute.
You're not with my father somehow, are you?
We're repo agents, sent by Banston Collection Agency.
You're not an easy man to find, Mr. Holliday.
Since you use a P.O. box, we had to tail you.
And now we're gonna repossess your belongings.
Hey. Hey, you can't come in here.
- He can't come in here. - You owe us
$93,000, Mr. Holliday.
Your credit cards have been frozen.
We're taking everything.
Sofia's not the only one bitten by a bug.
Huh?
What do you mean?
Kareema... you like her.
- What are you talking about?
- You're joking around, you're genuinely interested in what she's saying.
You're glowing.
Shut up.
I can't thank you enough.
- That meal was incredible. - Oh.
My mom did most of the cooking, so...
Oh, your tag is out.
Oh, th-thanks.
Sure.
Told ya.
This is bad.
Uh, hey, you guys.
I found some spare lumber underneath the house.
Say hello to your new coffee table.
Or-or wine rack. I don't know yet.
I...
I have some D.I.Y. videos to watch.
Yep, yep, yep, yep.
And, uh... guess how much it costs?
Bupkus!
It's called boho chic.
Or... hobo chic.
I forget, but... it's gonna be chic.
How about you, Mom?
How are you feeling?
Like I need to find a new meditation space.
Do you mind if I use your bedroom, sweetheart?
Well, so you guys don't want to just, you know, chat?
Talk about how we're all doing generally?
Too busy, honey.
This is not how it was supposed to go.
You maxed out 15 credit cards and let them go to collections.
- How'd you think that would go?
- I thought I'd keep living my life exactly as I pleased for the next seven months, and then a giant flaming rock would come and kill us all, and my credit score would be the least of my concern.
Avoidance, man... it's the Xavier way.
What's that supposed to mean?
Didn't you say you haven't talked to your dad in a decade?
And this credit card thing?
Let me guess... you're not gonna tell Evie about it.
No.
But not 'cause I'm avoiding it, because I don't want her to worry.
Look, I want to be a force for good in her life.
I don't want to drag her down with my problems.
I'm gonna have to sort this out on my own.
Great. So what's your plan?
I'm gonna liquidate my remaining assets.
Hello, mate. Um, what's your return policy?
Refunds issued within 30 days of purchase with a valid receipt.
Fantastic.
That's, um...
The items must be intact.
Well, I just asked you to state your return policy, and you didn't mention anything about the intactness of the items.
It's implied.
I can give you $12 back for the retro vintage mason jar mug.
- Okay.
- It'll go back to the credit card used for the original purchase.
Well, uh... hang on.
Uh, scratch that.
I think I'll keep it, then.
Okay. Cheers, mate. Thank you.
_
Anything in there about how to extinguish a spark?
I'm trying to figure out how to help my parents communicate better.
- I'm worried about them. - Worry about me.
I can't sleep, I can't eat... except for sour cream and onion potato chips... and the blood rushes through my ears every time I think about Sofia.
You know, I think you're in love.
I can't be in love.
She's my future sister-in-law.
Well, true, that part is suboptimal, but it's exciting that you're really into someone.
- Your heart works! - Okay, I've been into plenty of people.
Sometimes two or three at a time.
Oh, I'm not talking about sex.
I know love hasn't historically been your thing, but isn't it an exciting feeling?
You know, even if you can't act on it in this particular case.
Just tell me how to get rid of these feelings, ASAP.
Hey.
Aversion therapy.
When I was 12,
I had a huge crush on Mason Deering.
But he was my best friend's boyfriend.
- Nonstarter, right?
- Mm-hmm.
No!
No.
So every time I thought of Mason,
I would make myself smell something really gross.
This brand... is really pungent.
It smells like hot dog water.
Pretty soon I started to associate Mason with things that repulse me.
As crazy as it sounds, the crush eventually faded away.
Hi. I thought you were spending the evening with your parents.
Oh, I was going to, but I needed a break.
And I figured we could just...
- curl up on your couch, and... - Uh-huh.
Wh-Where is your couch?
And... all of your furniture?
I'm trying a new, uh... minimalist thing at the moment.
You know?
Like... simpler is better.
Yeah, well, it... certainly is simple in here now.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I just, um... feel like I can breathe again.
Aren't you worried you'll be...
Unencumbered?
Freed from the tyranny of materialism?
I was going to say
- "bored." - Absolutely no chance of that.
Let me prove it to you.
Okay.
Um, a movie.
Uh... Okay.
You're, uh... you're in a tunnel, you're digging, you're, uh, uh...
Someone's blowing at you.
Very hot. You're flying.
You're having a fit. Um...
You're going really fast.
Boxing! Rocky!
You're speeding!
Oh, Speed!
Um, Speed 2: Cruise Control, with the guy who isn't Keanu Reeves!
- Yes!
Yes! - Oh, yes!
- My God. - You were right.
We don't need a bunch of stuff to have fun.
And call me tipsy, but I think we're getting better at charades with each glass of wine.
We're like this.
- Maybe that's what my parents need. - Charades?
- Wine. - Oh.
On a boat. Like Speed 2.
I'm gonna get them tickets for a sunset wine cruise.
That's a really good idea.
When my mom has a couple of drinks in her, she does not hold back her feelings.
- I got to get tickets. - It's the middle of the night.
- Right. Tomorrow. - Right.
- Gonna get tickets tomorrow. - Okay.
For a sunset wine cruise.
Four hours, sailing around the Sound.
You know, the beauty and romance and alcohol will open those communication channels right up.
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
Are you ready for your harbor cruise?
There must be some kind of mistake.
We actually booked tickets for the sunset wine cruise.
Oh. Yeah.
Sorry. We accidentally double-booked it.
All that's left is the pirate cruise.
What do you mateys think?
Want to walk the plank?
- Um... - Yeah?
Yeah, come on, let's go.
M'ladies.
Four more Hold Onto Your Booty rum cocktails for ya scalawags.
So, when do we set sail?
Alas, our vessel is a landlubber forevermore.
- She's not seaworthy, I'm afraid.
- So we're... staying here?
Aye. We are.
Wow.
His commitment to his character's outstanding.
So, is there anything you guys want to talk about?
Well, I'd love to talk about getting another one
- of these delicious booty-drinks. - Sure thing.
Do you mind going and getting us another round while I, uh,
- handle this?
- Yeah, sure.
Thank you.
- They're good. Mm-hmm. - Yeah, very good.
What are ya doin'?
Pillaging?
Why don't we start with a seaweed salad for the table.
And then I would love a Scurvy Sandwich.
And a... a Treasure Chest Chicken Breast for her.
Thank you.
What do you know, he's making a decision for me without asking first.
M...
- Nobody asks Gloria what Gloria wants. - M...
- They just order for Gloria.
- Evie, we might have a bit of a problem.
- No kidding.
- What if I want to order for myself, huh?
What if I don't want
Treasure Breasts Chicken...
Chest?
What if I dance on this bench, huh? !
Or walk on the plank.
- No. - What are you gonna do?
You think you're gonna decide for me whether or not I walk on the plank?
- 'Cause I'm gonna decide, for once, - Be careful.
and I'm gonna...
Gloria! Gloria!
I'm so sorry.
I thought this would be good for you guys.
Oh, sweetie.
It's not your fault that your father constantly makes unilateral decisions on behalf of both of us.
And it's also not your fault that your mother got drunk and ruined an otherwise perfectly civilized stationary pirate cruise.
Cherish these early days of your relationship, honey.
'Cause it's never quite like that again.
So, since it looks like we overbooked our treatment rooms, the couples massage room is all that's available.
- Oh... - Well, we don't mind that at all.
- Right, Kareema?
- Sure. Sure. Why not?
No reason why not.
Great. Your therapists will be in momentarily.
Smells like T-Spirit!
- I thought you were in the bathroom. - I was in the bathroom.
Then I come back to find you making duck lip at your phone.
- I wasn't making duck lip. - You were making duck lip.
- I don't even know what that is. - That was all duck lip.
And duck lip is no way to get a second date.
Well, I've already had the second date.
Oh.
And it was even better than the first.
I haven't felt this kind of a connection since...
- well, you know. - Yeah, yeah.
I really think that this could be the beginning of something... not awful.
Well, I'm happy for you, man.
I'm glad you're more optimistic than I am.
What, things didn't go so well with Deirdre?
- She didn't like any of my noises. - What?
Afterward, I did something I shouldn't have done.
I Googled her. I Googled her hard.
Okay, what'd you find?
- Want to know what I found?
- Yeah.
D.D. Montana. Her pen name.
Take My Dictation.
A self-published erotic business thriller in which Harvard MBA and former underwear model Sebastian Stone helps his tough yet sexy female boss Ariella Strong execute a hostile yet sexy takeover of a billion-dollar corporation.
"Ariella's firm, grapefruit-like bosoms quivered
"as Sebastian's thick fingers slowly unscrewed
"the white corrective fluid and began to drip it all over
- her..." Oh, wow. - Yeah.
She made, like, a dozen of them.
Now you know what her thing is.
You know what to do.
I do?
Oh, yeah.
I was thinking of doing a portrait series in a sauna.
- Oh, that's...
- When people look their most relaxed and beautiful.
Just like you are, right now.
Wouldn't the lens get all steamed up, though?
So that's probably...
I like it steamy.
- Oh.
- Don't you?
I'm actually getting a little dizzy.
I-I should get away...
I... get some air.
I mean, I really just...
- I need to tell you something. - Please don't.
- We're not in love. - I know we're not in love.
- You're marrying my brother. - No, me and Rohan.
We met in Caracas. We became good friends.
He's helping me come to this country to continue my work.
It's a green card marriage.
So you're not into my brother?
No.
I'm into you.
What's this?
A collection agency?
I didn't give my stuff away.
Some very rude men came and took it.
Your stuff got repossessed?
Yeah. I'm in debt.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because I didn't want to burden you.
You know?
You're dealing with enough.
I'm dealing with the fact that my parents don't talk to one another.
Please, let's not be like my parents.
Can we not make a thing out of this right now?
But it is a thing. It's multiple things.
You're not being up-front about your financial situation.
And you still haven't told me anything about your father.
Because these are hard things to talk about, Evie, you know?
They're... complicated and they're painful.
That's the point.
If I've learned one thing from this week with my parents, it's that there are peaks and valleys.
The one constant has to be that we're a team and that we face it all together.
Let's deal with this, okay, one piece at a time.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, um, my financial situation is pretty dire right now.
My credit's shot.
I'm probably gonna have to find a new place to live.
Wow.
That... is a valley.
Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell you, okay?
I'm just...
I didn't want the bloom to come off the rose.
Okay.
Um, look, we will figure out your financial situation.
I'm great with spreadsheets.
And in the meantime... you just helped me figure out how to actually repay my parents.
You again.
Hello.
You guys wouldn't happen to have any New Year's decorations, would you?
It's the middle of October.
Of course we do.
Great.
Aisle four.
Okay.
Shh!
They could be listening.
What are you doing?
The DornaTech merger has hit a roadblock.
I suspect corporate espionage.
Where did you hear the name "DornaTech"?
Don't worry, Ariella.
I've brought the white corrective fluid.
That was my secret creative outlet.
How did you know about that?
I found it online?
You need to go!
I'm sorry. I...
I just wanted to make you feel like how you make me feel, you know, with my ear.
I thought I could be your Sebastian Stone.
I feel like an idiot.
- Thanks, Mom. - Mm-hmm.
Nice having you home, bro.
Mom never cooks this much for me!
Uh, I can't believe you didn't tell me it was a green-card marriage.
Oh, man. Sofia was not supposed to tell you that.
We, uh, bonded at the spa.
Yeah, well, the fewer people that know, the less chance we have of getting caught.
I won't say anything, I promise.
Yeah, you better not.
If she gets deported, I'll honestly be devastated.
Wow. You're a really good friend to her.
It's not just that.
I'm in love with her.
Um... does Sofia know how you feel?
No.
When I first agreed to the marriage, we were just friends, and... then my feelings... evolved.
And it wouldn't be fair to tell her now.
She really needs that green card.
We're just gonna get married, and maybe in time, the right... the right moment will present itself.
Yeah.
I do not know what I'm doing.
I've just never felt this way before.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think I do.
Yeah...
So what are we doing here?
Just go on into the living room, and you will find out, okay?
Go, go, go!
Oh.
Holy time warp.
- Wow! Look at this! - Ah!
It's just like our first New Year's together!
Baked beans and hot dog buns.
Look... we're even snowed in.
Do you remember how we got out of there?
Yeah.
I boosted you through the bathroom window.
- Yeah. - And you shoveled out the front door.
I was so tired, you had to pull me on that saucer sled, like,
- a mile and a half back to town. - Yeah, yeah.
I mean, back then, we didn't have anything, but we didn't need anything.
I miss being a team with you.
Me, too.
I'm sorry that
I didn't talk to you before quitting my job.
I don't want to stifle your dream, but I need to know that we're in this together.
We are.
We're going to say good night now.
Yeah, we, um...
We have a lot of communicating to do.
Please don't pop the air mattress.
- Can't make any promises. - Oh.
Ew.
Evie.
Thank you.
- Oh. - _
It is so lovely, watching you and your family together.
It's a rare thing.
What do you mean?
You're so close, and you take care of each other.
I wish I had that.
Well, maybe you could.
You know, it's your choice.
I'll think about it.
You're so quiet, Hank. Tell us a joke.
What did the hat say to the necktie?
Sebastian Stone.
Sebastian Stone, please report to the janitor's closet.
Where are you going?
You never finished your joke.
Oh, yeah, because I forgot the punch line, and I got to go get it from my desk, 'cause I-I have it on my desk.
I'm gonna go get it.
- We kissed. - Who kissed?
I tried to talk to my brother about it...
- You kissed your brother?
! - No. I kissed Sofia.
Who's only marrying my brother for a green card.
But before I could tell Rohan I like her, he told me he actually loves her.
Whoa.
I almost wish you had kissed your brother.
- That would have been easier to solve. - I know!
Oh! These don't work, by the way!
They get you high, but they don't... work.
This is why I don't do feelings.
Because the feeling you feel when you can't be with the one you want is worse than not feeling the feeling in the first place.
Look, I promise you will feel these feelings for someone else someday.
And it won't come with all this baggage.
But until then, maybe you should limit your time with Sofia as much as possible.
Otherwise, it'll just be torture.
Oh, you're right.
I hate that you're right, but I know you're right.
_
_
T-Jay Max, what's up? !
Oh, just killing time before date number three.
Damn!
You're on a roll!
You sound out of breath. Have you been exercising?
Yup. Lot of reps.
Oh, uh, Fern is here.
I-I...
I got to go.
Wait. Your TrueSoulMate's name is Fern?
Uh, her real name's Francis, but everyone calls her Fern.
Okay?
Later, skater.
Fernberger!
- Hey. - Hi.
So my dad got a part-time job to tide him over between auditions.
You'll never guess where.
I am Handsome Jack.
And I am Wench Wendy Greybeard.
Few men have seen her grey beard and lived to tell the tale.
Oh, my God.
I decided I'm gonna suck it up and get a job, too.
Though not that one.
That's great. What's that?
Uh, that is eighth grade science fair.
Won first place.
My dad helped me build this volcano with, um, you know, like, ammonium dichromate so it actually sparked.
He had his moments.
Sounds like it.
He also drank a fair bit and was hardly around.
And when my mom died, things got pretty dark.
I just realized if I was gonna survive,
I needed to break free of him, so...
I did.
And you haven't been in touch with him since?
No. No, I can't be.
Last time I spoke to him, sent me into a downward spiral for, like, six months.
I've only got seven months left to live.
I can't risk it.
Well, you're also risking never having closure and catharsis.
And this time, you won't spiral.
You've got me.
"Hello, son.
"I won't mince words.
"I wanted you to know I'm not the same man I used to be.
"I suspect you're not, either.
"And I have much to share with you.
"Likewise, I wonder what you might say to me,
"given the chance, and how well I might be able to hear it.
"I'd like to find out.
Until then..."
You okay?
- Yeah. - Yeah?
Yup.
Are you gonna write him back?
One step at a time.
Okay.
Yeah, it's just, um...
it's a process, you know?
I'm proud of you.
And I have a little something for you.
Just come with me.
What are these?
My dad made these for us.
Oh, my God. He shouldn't have.
It's-it's actually pretty...
- Oh! - Oh!
Do you know what?
It was still really nice of him.
I wish you could have seen your f...
I want everything.
How did that son of a bitch get the file?
I don't know.
He just gave me the copies.
Which you were going to publish.
A quarter to six!
Wake up, this ain't a vacation!
Ten minutes for showering!
Get up, people!
Get up, people! Up, I said!
- Gastn!
- Yasolrzano.
Miguel!
Cspedes, Cspedes.
Enrique!
Contreras Vidal.
Stand up.
Button up that shirt, this ain't a party.
One more infraction, and you'll spend a month in isolation.
Joaqun!
Guzmn Loera.
Silence!
Five minutes for breakfast.
One hour in the courtyard.
Eyes down.
Time to eat!
Walk.
Silence!
Four more, go.
Good night, Samuel.
Good night, professor.
Good night, Quique.
Good night, Professor Rubn.
Let's go, bitches.
A quarter to six!
Get up, this ain't a vacation!
Out of your cells!
Backs against the wall, eyes down.
Don't look!
Eyes down.
I heard you've been crying at night.
Answer me!
- No.
- No, what?
No, sir.
If I find out you're crying and the other inmates can't sleep...
I'll make you cry for a month in isolation.
- Got it?
- Yes, sir.
- Got it?
- Yes, sir.
In this prison, you can only eat... sleep... and breathe.
Got it?
Yes, sir.
- Got it?
- Yes, sir!
My daughter told me she had sent more letters.
They never gave them to me.
Sons of bitches.
Is security always this tight?
Everything is forbidden here, Chapo.
Even dying.
One line. Walk.
Empty your bag.
This stays here.
Take off your ring, earrings, and glasses.
Go on.
Next.
- Take off your clothes.
- Excuse me?
Take off your clothes, please.
I've been searched twice.
It's procedure.
If you refuse, there's the door.
Stand there, please.
You can't bring blue pens.
Excuse me?
I said you can't bring blue pens.
Miss, I've done everything you've asked.
Let me see my son.
Time's up.
It's no coincidence they're not letting you see your mom.
It's one of their games, Chapo.
They want to break you.
How are the kids, and how's Mom?
Everyone's fine. They want to know how you are.
Any news on Too and Cho?
They're in another cell block, but that's all I know.
Did you talk to the person who promised me a bigger cage?
All I can do for you... is move you to another penitentiary.
A friendlier one.
He will keep his promise, but he says you have to wait.
How long?
Years. A few, at least.
JOURNALIST GABRIELA SAAVEDRA MURDERED IN STRANGE CIRCUMSTANCES
Were you looking for this?
On your feet.
Let's take a walk.
Move.
Give me the keys.
Let's go.
What are you looking at?
Where?
Keep driving straight.
Has anyone made a friend here?
Do you mean the guards?
Yeah.
No.
They're watched all the time.
Their schedule changes almost every single day.
What about the doctor?
The cooks?
No.
Same thing. The Lawyer changes their schedule.
Who's the Lawyer?
She's in charge of the prison.
Wait, I thought De Tavira was in charge?
He only handles the administrative stuff.
The Lawyer controls the daily stuff.
She's a criminal protected by the law.
Don't mess with her, Chapo.
All new houses have flaws.
I just need you to find one so I can focus on it.
General Blanco's body was found this morning.
He was one of the most important men in the Federal Judicial Police in our country.
It is believed to be a robbery.
The president is saddened by this tragic event and demands a thorough investigation.
General Blanco was my mentor, sir.
I'll help you find the perpetrators, no matter what.
Thank you, Conrado. Let's keep his family informed.
Of course.
A BRIEF AND MODERN HISTORY OF MEXICO
Hey.
What did you do to end up here?
I didn't do anything.
I'm innocent.
Me, too.
Ask my lawyer if you don't believe me.
And you, Professor?
What did you do?
We blocked a road with my comrades.
We were protesting.
That's it?
The government considers it a federal crime.
They treat us worse than they treat you drug lords.
How long have you been here?
You really don't want to know, Chapo.
Any news?
The new house has got a fat cat.
Do you know him?
The fattest cat?
Yeah.
His kitten's been sick for some time.
They don't have money to take her to the vet.
I can pay for your girl's treatment.
No dinner for Guzmn.
I need sleeping pills.
The doctor used to give us those.
But the Lawyer banned them.
We feel you, Chapo.
We can't sleep either.
But you're new here, Chapo.
With the punch you took, you should ask see the doc.
Maybe he'll give you something.
If they catch you, they'll fuck you up.
Silence!
Good night, Samuel.
Good night, Professor.
Good night, Quique.
Good night, Professor Rubn.
Good night, Chapo.
Good night, Professor.
Out!
Out of your cells!
Get him out.
What is it?
What is it?
Come on.
What is it?
You can't have pills without the doctor's authorization.
Who gave them to you?
Who gave them to you?
You're going to the padded room.
No, please, no!
Please... beat me!
Take my food!
But, please, don't send me there, I'm begging you, please...
I'm begging you, please!
Please, I'm begging you!
Don't do this!
Don't send me there!
Please, don't!
No!
No!
Not that place!
No, no, no!
Samuel.
What's the padded room?
You sent him there.
Son of a bitch!
Watch your mouth, asshole.
Rubn was brave enough to be quiet.
Don't you be the one who snitches.
They'll hear us.
Quique here is scared out of his fucking mind.
What's the padded room, Quique?
The worst punishment, Chapo.
It's the end of the world.
- Lunch time.
- I'm not eating.
Lunch time.
I'm staying here.
Walk!
Get them out.
What's going on?
What's going on?
The Lawyer would like to remind you you have to follow the rules here.
Not eating breaks the rules.
Quique.
Have you ever been where Rubn is?
Just a couple of days.
And I don't ever wanna go back.
If the rooms weren't padded, one would hurt themselves out of desperation.
My daughter got worse.
Mom.
My boy.
Darling...
I'm sitting there.
I've been praying for you every day.
Look at you.
Don't worry, mom.
I'm tough as nails.
Chapo says you owe him.
Good night, Samuel.
Good night, Chapo.
Good night, Quique.
Good night, Chapo.
How long until Rubn is back?
A couple of nights, and the punishment will be over.
Breakfast!
Rubn.
Professor.
Rubn.
Professor.
Professor.
You're loyal.
I owe you.
Rubn.
Professor.
What are you doing?
- Professor.
- What are you doing?
- He's hanging himself!
- He's hanging himself!
Let me die. Let me die.
Put him back in his cell.
Watch him 24/7. I don't want him doing something stupid.
Let me die...
Please...
Take him to the doctor.
Help him like I helped your daughter, asshole!
Open up.
You're such a tough guy...
Take him to isolation.
Subtitle translation by Mara Pa Rebussone
Wake up!
This is no place to sleep.
Step back, you reek.
If you want me to read you the letter, step back.
It's from your old lady.
She says she really loves you.
But she has needs, and the wait is long.
So she's already fucking some other asshole.
That's life, Chapo.
 I'll be back someday 
 To unleash my return 
Let me go!
Where are you taking me?
Wait!
I'm the Deputy Director of this prison.
You've spent a month in the padded cell because I gave the order.
I'll decide whether you stay in there or not.
Let me ask you just one question.
Do you promise to live a different life?
Do you agree that so much luxury, money, and power was a mistake?
You can look me in the eyes to answer me.
Yes, Deputy Director.
I promise I've changed.
Take him back, one more month.
Wait, Ma'am!
I'll take revenge!
Be harsher with your discipline.
Make it clear to him that he's in Almoloya.
No, no!
No!
No, no, no!
No!
Turn it off!
Turn it off!
I have a stomachache.
I have a stomachache!
I have a stomachache.
I have a stomach ache!
Hey...
Deputy Director.
El Chapo has not been eating for several days and he says he has a stomachache.
Take that off and tak a shower.
I left you a clean uniform.
Lay down on your back.
If you tell them it's serious, I'll pay you a shitload of money.
- I can pay you a lot.
- How much?
You set the price.
You just have to convince them to take me back to my cell.
The pain will go away if you eat.
Do me the favor, doc.
All right.
No!
A message from the Deputy Director.
For trying to bribe the doctor, you've just won yourself two more months in here, asshole.
No, please, no!
No!
I'll do whatever you want!
Take me out of here!
Deputy Director, I swear I've changed!
Deputy Director!
Deputy Director!
I swear I won't live like I used to.
Deputy Director!
Keep pressuring Mr. Guzmn.
I want to know everything he says or does.
Understood.
Give me what's in your pockets.
I don't have anything.
No.
It's just a thread.
Do you think you are the first one to try this?
You're counting the days to see when you're out, right?
You just have to ask me.
Chapo... you'll never leave this place, son of a bitch.
Deputy Director, Joaqun Guzmn has once again attacked the authorities of this prison.
Very good, Chapo. Take good care of your plants.
Mr. Pedro will need more opium gum.
Of course.
I think these will do for two more harvests.
Thank you.
You're better at this than your dad.
Mom.
I'll get the same or more with the other two harvests.
Great, my son.
Go hide it.
What's up?
What?
You thought I wouldn't find out about the money from the harvest?
I earned it. It's mine, not yours.
Who taught you how to farm it, you ungrateful punk!
Joaqun.
Joaqun.
Son, go and get your father.
Come on.
Bye.
TAURO HARDWARE STORE
Hey! Get away from the car.
This car needs to be properly cleaned and waxed.
I can do it.
How much?
You can name the price.
I can even clean the interior.
There's some buckets and water there.
Come on!
Okay.
Son of a bitch!
Come on, Pancho!
Get in!
Get out, son of a bitch!
Get out of the car!
Get out!
Come on! Pancho, get in the car!
Come on, punk!
Did you want to steal my car, fucking punk?
No, sir.
I only wanted to go for a ride and see how it felt to drive such a car.
I wouldn't steal from you, Mr. Pedro.
I want to have that same car.
That's why I want to work for you.
You go for a ride in my car, and now you're asking for work?
Yes.
What's your name?
Joaqun Guzmn.
But everybody calls me El Chapo.
You're the one who is taking good care of the poppy field?
- That's right.
- Then you're already working for me.
No, Don Pedro,
I can do much more than just taking care of the fields.
I want to do more.
If you want to join me, you've got to earn it.
Tell me what to do.
What do I have to do to earn myself a place?
There's someone who is stealing money from me.
I can't stand those things.
I want you to kill him.
I bet he won't do it.
I bet he will.
Have you used one before?
You're going to lose the bet, buddy.
Get out.
Damn!
Chapo, what's up?
What are you doing?
Damn it!
You did better than I thought.
You killed him!
Come here.
Boss.
Welcome to my organization.
Tomorrow we'll go to Culiacn.
- You're coming with me.
- Thank you, Don Pedro.
Now go and have some fun.
Enjoy the party.
Hold this.
Take this.
The guys at the back, the ones all dressed up, are the DEA guys.
The guys standing over there are the politicians.
Be careful with them.
They're the real assholes.
Those guys are the military men.
They take care of the fields and watch our backs.
No crooked games with them.
- Your package, boss.
- Let me see.
That's it!
Look!
Fresh from the ocean, just as we like it!
For all of you to eat!
Long live Don Pedro!
Yeah!
More tequila.
- Hurray!
- Hurray!
 I know that I'm out 
 But the day I die 
 I know you'll be crying 
 Crying and crying 
 Crying and crying 
 You'll say you never loved me 
 But you're going to be really sad 
 And sad you're going to stay 
 With or without money 
 I always do what I want 
 And what I say goes 
 I have no throne or queen 
 Nobody understands me 
 But I still remain the king 
Long live Mexico, assholes!
Long live Mexico!
When you have money... you have power.
When you have power... everybody wants to be with you.
Your mom says you're going to work for Pedro Avils in Culiacn.
Don't pack, you're not going anywhere.
Go!
Leave!
You're just going to be one more servant to a drug lord.
Just a fucking servant.
I'm going to have more power than anybody else.
I'm going to become the most powerful drug lord.
Did you get that?
I can swear on that!
Four months locked up.
Surely that was enough.
You've behaved.
Do you promise to live a different life?
Do you agree that so much luxury, money, and power was a mistake?
Yes.
Take him to his cell.
Chapo.
Chapo.
We thought you were dead.
5:45!
Wake up!
You're not on vacation!
Rubn was never himself again.
They took him to a special area.
Chapo.
What'd they do to you?
They keep you all these months in isolation?
Silence!
Enrique.
Contreras Vidal.
Joaqun.
Guzmn Loera.
Permission to speak, sir.
Speak.
Sir.
Is it true that there is community work in the prison?
I'd like to work. Anything is fine.
I tell the Deputy Director who deserves to work and who doesn't.
Believe it or not, it's like a prize.
Yes, sir.
Adrin.
Velzquez Saavedra.
Where should I put the bags?
Container in the backyard.
Joaqun.
I came every two weeks.
They didn't let me see you.
I filed defense statements, but it was useless.
Don't worry. I'm fine now.
Better than before.
- Hello.
- Buddy.
What's up, buddy?
How are they treating you?
Do you remember the party we had for Mr. Palomino?
Yes, of course I remember.
Could you please organize a similar party?
This time is for Lora's wife.
She's a nice girl and she's been helping him out a lot.
Please, help me with that.
That's him.
I won't hurt you, buddy.
On the contrary...
I'll reward you if you do as I say.
I'm going to escape.
Joaqun, unless they transfer you to another prison... escaping is impossible.
I'm going to escape using the trucks that enter though the back gate.
We need a false floor in the truck.
And we need to bribe the driver, the loaders, and the guards.
Ask Ismael for the money.
Joaqun, this is crazy.
I don't care how long it takes me, I'm going to be free again.
C5, keep I3 in red.
Message received.
Are you going to open the door?
Bring him.
I'm going to escape using the trucks that enter though the back gate.
We need a false floor in the truck.
And we need to bribe the driver, the loaders, and the guards.
Ask Ismael for the money.
You're very naive if you think I trust people.
Everything is being monitored, Mr. Guzmn.
That's why nobody can escape from Almoloya.
Take him back to isolation.
No!
 You may say you never loved me 
 But you're going to be really sad 
 And sad you're going to stay 
 With or without money 
 I always do what I want 
 And what I say goes 
 I have no throne or queen 
 Nobody understands me 
 But I still remain the king 
With or without money 
 I always do what I want 
 And what I say goes 
 I have no throne or queen 
 Nobody understands me 
 But I still remain the king 
Scott, hurry!
The entire fortress is about to explode, we need to clear the area!
For God's sake, who is this man?
How could he have possibly brought this on us?
How could this happen?
Not a single reply in more than one hour...
Where are the others?
I believe them dead, my son.
They must have still been inside when that man...
Come!
Scott!
Tie the strap around your leg...
I'm getting you out of here...
I'm getting you out...
DAD!
Dad...
Dad...
Dad...
That's war.
That's war.
Nooo!
Wolf 004, escort. We return to base, from now you're alone.
Roger that, Wolf 004. Setting course to Daskasan.
Last week, Kepler's Inc. Defense Facility in Birmingham fell victim to yet another terrorist attack, perpetrated by the infamous cell known as "Philanthropy".
We have just entered the Nagorno region.
165 kilometers of air corridor before pullout.
Thank you guys. Keep us posted through the intercom.
Oh, it's almost time for our TV message...
What message?
Otacon's idea. It should be broadcasted... now!
Today, the terrorist group delivered the following message.
We live in an age in which the world has endured the threat of annihilation at the hands of nuclear weapons.
Governments relied on the theory of mutually assured destruction to deter an all-out nuclear war, but this strategy will inevitably fail.
Under no circumstances will we ever stand by while a nation builds Metal Gears or similar weapons.
We shall fight them always, until our annihilation, or theirs.
What we achieved in England turned out to be a critical blow.
According to our informants, all the major defence companies have ceased their activities and the scandal caused by the information we've made public has pushed several Governments to start over and redirect their ambitions.
As a matter of fact, up until about a month ago I though that we were through.
But one last... big problem has emerged.
And it is the very reason why we had to meet in such a hurry at that Russian airport.
We're about to launch you into the Daskasan region, between the borders of Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Your mission is to find and secure Senator Abraham Bishop,
In case you're wondering, the answer is yes, he is my father.
I believe I might have told you about his role in my "decision" to enter politics.
I'll find him, be sure of that!
Make no mistake, Snake. I feel nothing for my father.
There is nothing personal in this objective I'm assigning to you.
Nothing inside of me, with the exception of my DNA, still links me to that person.
Uhm... this sounds familiar.
Abraham Bishop is the only politician to have a strong relationship with the rest of '.
He's been here in Azerbaijan for many years now, but his role here is still unclear.
The most popular theory sees him as an advanced contact in the smuggling of war materials to America-friendly countries, like Georgia.
He must be brought back to the States to stand trial for the bribes he took, a charge Philanthropy is now capable of proving.
Once he's nailed, the only company left on Earth producing Metal Gears will have no one to hide behind.
It doesn't sound so dangerous.
It shouldn't sound so easy either.
The Daskasan region has been through some strange phenomena as of late.
Just what kind of phenomena?
The entire zone located between the borders of Armenia and Azerbaijan has always been hot.
Take the Karabakh zone in the South. It's been at the centre of a ten-year conflict.
But really strange things started to happen just this August.
The inhabitants of the region, who previously hid in their houses in fear of the guerrillas, all turned to the streets in a surge of joy.
Strange news spread through the population rapidly.
Celebration fires were lit just paces away from the corpses of those who were massacred only a few days before.
The combatants of the two opposite factions ceased all hostilities instantly, and went on to build a formidable defensive perimeter in a perfect circle of 30 kilometers around the plateau located right in the middle of Daskasan.
The Washington Post named them "The Overnight Nation".
After a few days of apparent calm, "in the name of Jubal", these people pushed on.
What's that typhoon in the middle of the map?
You'll... see soon enough.
70 kilometers of air corridor. Daskasan is within sight!
What the hell...
That is... quite an unprecedented atmospheric event, as well as being the reason behind the reconnaissance satellites becoming completely useless.
We've had no data, news or images from the operation area for more than two weeks now.
Due to this, we'll have to drop you quite far from the mission area.
This is to be an absolutely secret infiltration mission.
Weapons and equipment OSP. No backup. I know the routine well.
Only not this time.
You'll be armed: this is a regular war zone.
Leaving traces behind will not raise an issue.
And Snake, this time you'll not be alone.
What?
You'll be establishing contact on the ground with two new members of Philanthropy.
The first is Pierre Leclerc, sniper, former member of the Foreign Legion, mercenary at present.
Uhm... not bad for moving through open areas. Who's the second?
Corporal Elizabeth Laeken, former Delta.
Another mercenary?
No. She's been de-listed due to disciplinary reasons.
You have all their folders in your backpack; there, you'll find all the details you need.
40 kilometers of air corridor. Time to go.
All right Snake. It's time.
This mission will last longer than any other you've faced so far.
You'll have to expect almost ten days of extreme conditions, against forces we can't predict.
If you succeed, Philanthropy will cease to exist.
We will have won our battle, and those dreadful weapons will only be a thing of the past.
You've been fighting for this all your life, Snake.
This time, you can finally put an end to it.
I know.
Snake, have you found Leclerc?
I'm looking for him. I'll keep you updated.
Roger that.
Private...
Wait, wait, wait...
What the...
Saved!
Pierre Leclerc at your service, Sir.
Yes, Snake?
Who-is-this-jackass?
Any problem?
No, really. I found him playing with a... a sort of a...
THING!
Thing?
One of those game machines!
Snake, do not worry. He IS one of the best snipers on the market.
He comes from a family of great tradition.
You may have heard of the legendary Leclerc, hero of World War II.
Pierre here is his nephew!
I'm not dragging this nutcase along!
Snake, there are no alternatives. You need Pierre.
Got a feeling I'll be missing my solo missions...
Where to, Big Chief?
Laeken should be here any minute now. I need you to find the guide that will lead us to Imeret.
Name?
Vitalij.
Characteristic traits?
Nasty, filthy, hairy. A local.
Well, look what we have here. Are you a racist or am I just turning your off?
Just relax, Big Chief!
Let's say I want to keep our conversation on a "hierarchical" level a little longer.
Now move your ass and find him. He's the only one here with a Russian name, or so they say.
You shouldn't have any problem.
You want the lady just for yourself, don't you?
What the hell has got into your head?
Nothing! I just thought this wasn't a good way to start a relationship.
You know, all that "you look for the nasty, filthy, and hairy dude. Leave the rest to me" attitude.
Later, Big Chief!
I'm gonna KILL him.
Bye, sister.
And say "Hi" to your next commander!
Elizabeth Laeken?
What was that stone for?
For reasons...
I hope you'll never discover.
Want to explain?
'course you don't...
Where did you find him?
I'd say right under our noses.
Remember that stall to the right of the house where we first met?
Well, that's where he was, staring at the wall.
Staring at the wall?
Yes. You've really got yourself a sensational team here, Big Chief.
Thank God for me!
She knows her stuff.
Who is she?
You haven't briefed me yet.
You're asking yourself whether I can be trusted or not, aren't you?
Well, Big Chief, you have read my profile...
Sure. And it doesn't match with what's in front of me.
Like it or not, we're going to be stuck here for ten days.
I can stand my ground.
Her name is Elizabeth, but they call her "Disgrace". I've read her profile too.
"Disgrace", uhm?
What has she done?
101st Airborne, Ranger course, six years in the Delta.
Four missions abroad.
Goddammit.
I doubt she's been through any deep infiltration mission like this one.
She's stealth, not a pathfinder.
Anyway, she knows how to handle herself in a fight.
Although that wasn't always enough, it would seem...
Meaning what?
All of her commanding officers have bitten the bullet.
Fatal accidents, drowning, friendly fire...
The list is shocking.
Nine Officers.
She's been on leave for some years, but as a civilian she lived the life of a recluse.
No friends. And with that stain over her head, not a hint of a job, either.
I don't believe this sort of shit. But I do know you Americans tend to fall for easy explanations...
I won't let all of this become a burden for her. But she has to keep up.
According to the report, in her last missions she consciously risked her own life without just cause.
She was awarded the Silver Star, but her superiors wanted to get rid of the problem.
And here she is.
I don't need any erratic behaviour from her.
I'm sorry about her situation, but I've got reasons for completing this mission.
If I see her doing anything that might put us at risk, I'll bury her with my own hands.
Now go and get some rest, hero. We wake at 6. We make for Daskasan.
I read your profile.
I don't care about what happened. How you fight, that's what my opinion of you will be based on.
Try to keep this in mind, and stop acting as if you were on death row.
Being my commanding officer makes you feel uneasy, doesn't it?
I'll feel uneasy once you get killed for nothing, or when you act out of despair.
I don't know why you accepted this mission, but I guarantee you...
Nobody will come out of this a hero.
There are no medals for the war we are fighting, nor epitaphs. Only victims.
The objective is more important than any of us involved in it.
Your commanding officers might be dead, Elizabeth, but you have always accomplished your missions.
If that's the outcome this time around, I'll be happy just the same.
Ok, we make camp.
I'm gonna put up some sensors. With those, we'll know if anything tries to get near.
How many died?
A million, maybe more.
It has been one hundred years since now.
A story told by the elders, while the younger generation never seems to have time to learn.
What about the present Government?
You're a democracy.
Democracy is of no use when people are not kept informed.
We have fought for so many years against Azerbaijan in the name of the Karabakh region.
Since then, two other Governments have alternatively risen to power, but none of us really know where they want to go, or what is they do for our country.
And this new war, once again...
They're keeping something from us.
I don't believe Armenia will ever be the country we dream of so much.
The Karabakh region is full of oil...
Yes, that I know.
But Karabakh is far from here, down South.
Daskasan...
Daskasan doesn't count for anything.
I don't understand...
Why do you keep saying you're afraid not to find anyone in Imeret?
It is not just war.
Something different is happening here, something on the mouth of many.
That is?
The fiend of Kalcabar.
To think I'd have laughed at myself before.
I am not superstitious.
I don't believe in anything my eyes can't see.
But my family is over there, my home...
And the stories I've heard...
Entire villages found empty at dawn, and then...
The people are found dead in the forest.
I still choose not to believe, but I can't think of nothing else.
We are in God's hands now...
"If God made the world, I would not want to be that God for the misery of the world would tear my heart to shreds."
Damn, you ARE cool, aren't you?
Seriously. With your dark attitude, the wild beard, the bandana...
You'd make a good videogame character.
No shit man!
A Nintendo platformer, I'd say!
Nah, forget it.
It's just a joke, you wouldn't get it.
You're so OLD, man!
Can't say I'm surprised she's already fallen for you...
She's some woman, isn't she?
And... have you seen her ASS?
This is not the place and DEFINITELY not the time...
We are professionals here! She and I are, at least...
Word of advice, Big Chief... live!
What do you think?
About what?
The boy. You don't dig him, do you?
He's unreliable.
He's one of the best, in his field...
He has no discipline.
You still have to see him in action.
He doesn't take anything seriously!
True... While WE can't take anything with a smile...
I envy him. He still has to grow up.
On the battlefield, either you grow up soon or you don't grow up at all!
We are professionals, the two of us.
Yeah, that we are...
Contact!
Covering 2-7-0.
Sensor's 100 meters away, we've only got a few seconds. Hurry!
How long did the sensor flash for?
About 3 seconds.
It covers a 50 meter sector. It couldn't have been that fast.
An animal?
The sensor is calibrated on human-like thermic masses.
It must have slowed down!
At that speed it would have reached us by now.
Quiet!
What the...
Don't make any noise. Don't move, for any reason.
We'll wait 'till dawn, then we'll leave.
On your feet, you've slept enough.
Don't tell him anything. Prepare the boats, we're leaving.
Snake, everything OK?
Why did you switch your CODEC off last night?
Had a feeling it wasn't a good idea to keep it on. You saw it too, didn't you?
If you're talking about that... thing: yes, we received your thermal scans.
What happened after that?
It left. I have no idea what it was.
Something strange is happening out there...
Agreed. Let's hope your father will be able to shed some light on it.
Here we are. Imeret is just beyond that hill.
You never mentioned a radio tower!
We'll pull up here.
Let's check it out.
My home...
My family...
What's all this about?
Looks like the Senator isn't living in a village of peaceful shepherds, after all.
I was foolish to believe that was even possible.
OK. How do we proceed?
Getting in shouldn't be too hard, but we need to know whether or not the Senator is alive.
This place has seen violent conflict. He could be dead, maybe he dropped his transmitter...
Bishop, what do you think about this?
The bug planted on his transmitter is still responding.
There's a chance he might be hiding in the big structure at the centre of that complex.
By the way, do you have any lead about what this place is?
Your guess is good as mine...
GET DOWN!
Why did he just...
I don't know.
Sniper must be in the main building. There are probably more nearby.
The spotter is changing observation zone. They must think he was alone.
I can see another two soldiers on the lower levels.
There's gotta be more...
And I was just starting to think we'd be able to take the Senator without a fight...
Any idea who they are?
ArmsTech's private army, most likely.
They must be waiting for someone to come and pick them up along with the Senator.
Listen up: according to Bishop, the Senator's transmitter signal is coming from the complex, probably the main tower.
The only way to get there undetected is by going through the railway viaduct.
That will lead us towards the mountains. I need you to provide me with enemy intel.
Once I've found him, be ready to give me and the Senator some cover fire.
Understand?
Not quite.
What is it?
Look, Big Chief, if I were you I would start asking myself some questions:
Vitalij said he had been here a month ago. How could anyone have built that monstrosity in less than a month?
Seven days...
Vitalij was here less than seven days ago.
What?
Why would he lie to us?
No idea. If he was mentally unstable, he certainly didn't show any sign of it before...
Look. None of us know what's going on, but now is not the time to figure it out.
Our main objective is in there. We get the Senator out, then we'll have time to go over the situation.
Who knows, maybe he'll have the answers we're looking for.
We might have been lured here on purpose!
By someone who just took a bullet in the forehead?
I've had enough of your analysis.
We don't have time right now to listen to your theories, so keep them to yourself. That's an order.
Snake! Do you copy?
What?
We've got armed men approaching the complex.
How many?
I can see at least twenty, but if they're coming from other directions, there could be hundreds of them.
JUBAL!
JUBAL!
Snake, there's nothing we can do to help you from here.
Damn...
Try to reach the railway! We'll meet up there.
Oh my God...
What?
Snake, behind you!
Harrison, I've spotted a Metal Gear!
What?
It looked like a tactical unmanned model.
But it was... kinda ridden by a weird guy, some FOXHOUND-like freak.
I didn't have time to take pictures though, and I can't tell you much else at the moment.
Anyway, looks like ArmsTech is much stronger than we thought.
Snake, find my father as soon as possible! We need him to tell us what's going on!
Right. I'm going in.
Elizabeth?
Pierre?
Anyone!
Just like Vitalij said it would be. A war so long no one actually remembers how it started.
This is not just another border skirmish. We're not equipped for a situation like this.
The North side of the complex is quieter.
If we still want to get in, I'd say that's our only hope.
More are coming. It's now or never.
Let's go.
OK, what's your favourite strategy for infiltrating... "giant enemy towers"?
Like in the movies...
SEWAGE SYSTEM
Ok, security will be tighter from now on.
We go stealth.
Control, this is Moebius Three. They're flanking us, we can't hold our position much longer!
Abel, this is Control. Be ready to extract the Senator at any time.
Roger Control, heading for the Senator's room.
That's our man. Come on.
Time to move the old man.
Not again...
Man, we should just leave this fucking place.
Who cares about him?
We do!
Looks like the entire world's dying to protect you, Senator.
Who the hell are you?
It doesn't matter. Take what you need and follow me, I'm getting you out of here.
And where would you be taking me, precisely?
To a safe place, so you can tell us what the hell is going on in this God forsaken region.
Who sent you?
You don't look like a Government agent.
I wouldn't have expected anyone else to get involved in this.
Second wave of attack, coming from the eastern sector!
Fall back to the tower! Fall back to the tower!
We're gonna to get trapped inside!
Damn!
Senator, we don't have much time. The only way we're going to survive is by getting out of here, now!
Alright.
Drop it!
Go, go, go!
Here they are!
Tom!
What are you looking at?
Let's go!
Bring him out!
Wait for my signal.
Wait! This is suicide!
Better to die sooner than later, Senator...
For die we must.
Come on!
Stay close to me.
There's a breach in the outer wall.
It's our only chance.
Cover me.
Go!
Snake! Come on!
Wait here.
Come on!
RUN!
Senator, what was that complex?
Who were those people?
What the hell is going on here?
The complex is owned by ArmsTech Inc. along with everything in this region.
What's ArmsTech doing here?
Daskasan has been the neural centre of ArmsTech's activities for years now.
The Azeri Government is paid handsomely to turn a blind eye to all activities.
This is a deserted region, perfect for testing new weapons.
Like a Metal Gear?
How many others are there?
Where are they being assembled?
You'll find the answers you're looking for there, in Eldridge.
Eldridge?
Yes. That's where my work was taking place. That's were my life took an unexpected turn.
Follow me. There's something I'd like you to see.
This mission just got a hell of a lot more complicated, Big Chief!
Yeah.
The blitzkrieg by this "Overnight Nation" must have something to do with Eldridge.
There's more to these events than just Metal Gears.
Whatever's going on we'll find our answers under those dark clouds.
Wow, look at those fire works over there!
Scott, hurry! The entire fortress is about to explode, we have to... uhm... ehm... take my socks!
For God's sake who is this man?
I dunno who he is.
Check and see if he as a wallet on him...
Oh no that's just his throat.
Been a right while then, what...
We just ...
What was that?
Oh nothing.
Come on!
That's porn.
You couldn't have just thrown it to me?
God it's right in the face...
It fricken stings!
That's poooorn...
Ok, let's check this out...
Wait... this is a guy and a guy...
NOOOOO!
Hey Gary! What's this button do over here?
Don't press it... don't press it!
OH MY GOOOOOOD!
Oh, crap!
And tonight at 10, we'll show you just how cream can...
Acchhk...
Sorry, got a bug in my mouth.
And we'll be continuing on to our news coverage.
Hey Mom, quick question, my edible underwear, where...
Ah, nevermind, I think I found it. Mmm, strawberry, so good.
Just what kind of phenomena?
Ducks signed non-aggression pacts with China.
Plaid became the new fashion.
Snakes organized their own Union in protest of Snake Eater.
And butter was elected to the highest possible office available.
In other words, this shit is fucked up.
Yo, let's get this motherfucking Snake off of this motherfucking plane!
Da fuuuuck.
That is... Quite...
An...
Unprecedented atmospheric event.
As well as being the reason...
OK, fuck this.
There's a typhoon, it's messing shit up, you can't do shit, so... shut up.
And Snake...
You're really pretty cute!
What are you saying! ?
No, she's been delisted due to disciplinary reasons...
*Gasps* Sorry, I forgot my asthma inhaler.
Ok guys, you've been talking long enough...
Get the fuck out!
You've been wanting a movie all your life Snake.
This time... You can finally have one.
Fuck yeah!
AWWGHHH MY EYES!
Won't you let me stand on your head? !
Let's roooooock!
Wanna get laid?
Uhm...
It's hooker time.
Row row row your boat, gently down the stream...
Come on Pierre!
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream...
Elizabeth!
Row row row your boat, gently down the stream...
Come on!
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream.
Come on, Lizzy, come on!
We are in God's hands now.
Did you know that a pig's orgasm can last for over 30 minutes?
That's 30 whole minutes!
How could you do anything else all day?
No wonder they sleep so much.
Word of advice big chief...
Live!
Oh my God hottness, I wanna bang you!
Ok, how do we proceed?
Mm?
Oh sorry I was distracted.
There's a girl with huge... objectives in the lower hand window.
To the mall!
THE MAAAAALL!
YEAHHHHH GET OVER 25% OFF!
Hello?
Yes?
I'm happy with my life insurance!
Snake, could you explain one thing to me?
Yeah?
Why are we standing in front of a window during wartime like this?
Uhm...
Not sure.
Giggidy!
*gasp* Oh my God guys, check it out, it's Santa Claus!
Are you Solid Snake?
You're on my naughty list this year.
You killed 17 people just last month. You're getting a lump of coal.
Don't worry Senator, I have super powers.
For I am... the Flash!
BROADSWOOOOORD!
Garugamesh!
Hey Big Chief, don't you think this is ending a lot like the Two Towers?
Naaaaaah!
Don't worry, Pierre.
It's not like they're gonna end on an upward panning shot...
Against ethereal music.
Ok, bye!
Previously on "The Blacklist"...
- You want to call your daddy?
- Yeah, I want to tell him I'm okay.
Okay.
Lizzy...
Be careful of your husband.
I can only lead you to the truth.
I can't make you believe it.
She's calling herself Jolene Parker.
Elizabeth Keen is not your wife, she's your target.
You have been threatening to tell me the truth about my husband since the day we met, and I'm ready to listen.
Right now, the only thing that matters is the immediate threat...
Your husband...
Finding out who he is and who he works for.
The rest will come.
I promise you.
-
Asset on board. En route.
12 cc epinephrine.
Clear.
- 45 seconds.
-
-
We need more adrenaline.
Cover her mouth.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
Shh!
It's okay. You're okay. You're okay.
Rest. You'll be in America by morning.
We're taking you to Washington, D.C.
Do you know where the prisoner was transported to?
Uh, Washington. Okay.
Yes, we'll take care of it.
Very good.
-
Washington?
Since when did Jolene Parker's case go from missing person to murder investigation?
- And have you seen my keys?
- It's crazy, right?
Yeah, what, uh...
What happened?
The police say they have a person of interest.
Really?
Who is it?
What do they...
What do they know?
They're not sure.
Isn't it possible that she just left town like she said?
Moved to Dayton?
They found blood...
Matches hers.
You see this stuff every day...
You know, people getting hurt and killed... and...
It freaks me out.
Just the thought of that happening to you, you know...
Just promise me you're as careful as you can be when you're at work.
- The desk.
- Hmm?
By the computer...
That's where I saw your keys.
Oh. I'm gonna be so late.
I'm gonna give myself a tardy slip.
Found 'em!
They were under the newspaper.
What would I do without you?
I got to run.
Uh, tonight for dinner, let's check out that new thai place.
He knows something's off.
What makes you say that?
I can feel it. I know him.
Tom is on his heels. He's behaving erratically.
He killed Jolene Parker.
Yes.
You knew?
Why didn't you tell me?
I felt if I told you it would inform your behavior with him.
I found her body, called the police, and reported a missing person.
I was confident, in the course of their investigation, they would reach out to you and Tom, and they did.
Jolene Parker undoubtedly worked for the same organization as Tom...
In what capacity, I have no idea.
If they worked together, why would he murder her?
Perhaps he was ordered to.
Or perhaps he's just...
Out of control, irrational...
Paranoid and reactionary.
He's scrambling for a foothold, and therein lies our opportunity to wait and to watch.
But Tom is not the reason I'm here.
I'm afraid there's something quite timely afoot.
The Pavlovich brothers are back in town.
You're talking about the team from the bridge that grabbed the general's daughter.
They're an extraction team...
Cut their teeth on Milosevic's protective detail during the ethnic cleansing of the Yugoslav wars.
We lost six of our men that day.
To the best of our knowledge, the Pavlovich brothers have no political agenda.
They specialize in snatch-and-grabs ranging from kidnap and ransom to extracting political dissidents.
Reddington says he has a contact.
A money launderer sourced by the brothers claims they're coming after a Chinese scientist named Xiaoping Li.
- What do we know about her?
- 18 hours ago, the agency sent an undercover team to extract her from a clandestine labor camp in the Yunnan province.
- Break her out?
Why? - She's an immunologist...
Specializes in viral and bacterial diseases.
Four months ago, she signaled to one of our assets that she had a willingness to talk about a secret weapons program.
A month later, she was jailed for treason.
She's scheduled to land at Andrews in an under an hour, and we have a team standing by to escort her to Langley
- for a debriefing.
- We got to assume that the Pavlovich brothers already know the route.
Well, then we'll reroute her. Bring her here.
Coordinate the adjustment with Langley.
Echo to tango. Uh, asset at drop point.
Roger. 30 seconds to rendezvous.
- This way. Quickly.
- What's going on?
They said I'd be safe once I arrived.
We have a credible threat you're being targeted.
As a precaution, we've altered our route.
Get her up to the chopper.
Donald Ressler. FBI. Where's the asset?
- Ground transport's been arranged.
- Negative.
Evac's been compromised. Moving to beta proto...
Call it in.
All right. Okay. Copy that.
Anne Arundel county sheriff's department's reporting a downed aircraft burning two miles outside of Crofton.
There's no witnesses on the ground.
We do have units en route. It's got to be the dump site
- on this chopper.
- They knew CIA protocol...
That if the routes were compromised, they'd send in air support.
These guys weren't based domestically. They snuck in, and they're gonna sneak out.
We should coordinate with homeland, get their faces everywhere.
Agent Malik, you want to tell me why the director of national intelligence is calling?
What don't I know about this case?
The program li was working on...
It's germ weaponry...
Banned by nearly every nation on Earth.
It's called Whitefog.
Day before she was jailed, Xiaoping Li sent a message indicating that she had access to the designs.
If she did, and she shared those with us, that would represent the biggest intelligence coup in a decade.
A germ-warfare program?
That's why the Chinese can't turn this into an international incident.
- Where are you?
- Busy.
The brothers...
They took Xiaoping Li.
How do you know?
Do you have a lead?
Something we can...
- Your husband is not in school.
- Wait. What?
Where is he?
Meet me at 9th and Constitution.
Reddington says he has a lead on the brothers. Wants to talk.
Let me know what NTSB says about that downed aircraft.
Called in sick this morning.
Returned home briefly before making a stop at the Radford Bank in Adams Morgan.
He's made three phone calls...
All from pay phones.
He's been sitting at that cart for nearly an hour.
I'm sorry, Lizzy.
Don't be.
This must be difficult.
You want to know what's hard?
Sitting here when all I really want to do is get my hands around his throat.
- Shouldn't we follow him?
- We are.
They all work for you.
Lizzy, wait, wait, wait.
What are you do...
Not now.
The boat...
How long for the boat?
No. No. Please, no.
Tom?
Tom?
I'm in the dining room.
Where'd you get that thing?
I was gonna ask you the same question.
I found it in the basement.
That's where that was. I've been looking for it.
My father gave it to me.
It's beautiful.
It's in great condition, too. It looks almost new.
Why haven't I seen this before?
Your pot is gonna boil over.
You're cooking?
I thought we were going out for thai.
Yeah, well, I just thought it might be nice, you know, to stay home alone...
Just you and me.
How was your day?
It was exhausting.
You know Billy Salter?
He was acting up again 'cause his mom keeps packing these fruit roll-ups, and they give him this satanic sugar high, you know.
Oh, uh, I did stop by the national archives just to maybe book a field trip for the kids.
It's funny. I, uh...
I could have sworn that I saw you there.
There was a woman there, and she looked just like you.
Ah, no, I wish. I was cooped up in the office all day.
Yeah.
Should have known.
Well, whoever she was, she could not have been half as beautiful as you are right now.
All right. Uh, keep stirring.
I'm gonna walk the dog.
Come on, bud. Hey, hey, hey.
Come here.
Hey, hey, hey. Where you going?
Come here. Come here.
Yes, you're a good boy.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you are.
What?
Nothing.
Love you.
- I'll be right back.
Come on, bud. - Come on.
Come on.
Such a good boy.
Bantam finance. How may I direct your call?
Hi. I'm having a problem with my account.
Uh, number Delta, Sierra, 4-5-1.
Line is secure. Proceed.
Mockingbird knows. Requesting immediate evac.
She knows.
He's gone.
My husband is gone.
Your husband never existed.
Lizzy, I understand why you went after Tom today.
The instinct to jump in is...
But it isn't gonna serve you well here.
And from the emotional point of view, this must feel like an extraordinary violation and betrayal.
But for Tom it was business.
Do you know we had sex the other night?
Do you have any idea how filthy that makes me feel?
Unfortunately, Lizzy, you're chest-deep in filth, and you're gonna have to wade through it
- to get to the other side.
- I fell in love with him.
I married him.
We... we were gonna have...
I was excited to have a child with him.
He was the one person I chose in my life who made me happy, who made me feel safe.
What does that say about me?
Everything that we had was just a figment of my imagination...
Worse than a figment...
A lie.
It was right in front of my face, and I didn't see it.
I just... believed it.
All of it.
Time is the only thing that will allow you to find yourself again.
If you tell me to be patient one more time, I swear to God...
I am going to find him, I'm gonna find answers, and I'm going to do it with or without your help.
The case.
I need a lead.
Lizzy, if you want to find where the Pavlovich brothers are, you need to find out where they've been.
The helicopter is key.
The Pavlovich brothers burnt that chopper to cover up evidence...
DNA, fingerprints.
Those things might have identified the brothers, but what about the chopper?
The tail numbers were falsified, and the chopper was repainted.
That's what they did, but where did they do it?
Is there a deeper forensic analysis we can run?
What particulates were in the heat exchange?
Was there moisture in the compressor?
I'll reach out to forensics.
Analyze every drop of fuel. Track every grain of sand.
I want to know where that chopper's been.
That's him.
I'm sorry, man. Not for hire.
Hello, Symir. I'll be brief and to the point.
Yesterday you had a customer...
Picked him up outside the national archives.
Sorry, man.
Ohh, Symir.
You should have taken the money.
Your passenger...
Where'd you drop him?
Calculus.
I can't even think about derivatives without thinking of that tutor in manor hall...
Cindy something-or-other.
Never wore a brassiere; Always a bounce in her step.
Look, I'm talking, cooperating.
You don't need to copy my driver's license, my credit cards.
We just want to make sure we know where to reach you,
Geoffrey P. Seevers, should we have more questions.
So, tell me about the book.
I told you...
I pick up and drop off.
I don't know names. I'm the messenger.
What is it?
Some kind of code?
How many times have you done this... these drops?
This was the fourth.
I need you to write down the location of each drop you've made...
The pickup and the drop location.
Oh, my God. What?
Pagosa Springs public library?
I had a water pump go out in Pagosa Springs.
Bitch of a mountain... Wolf Creek Pass.
Thought I was gonna end up living out there with the hill people until this Teddy bear of a man fixed me up at the local garage.
I'll never forget him. Tracy Woods.
You don't know Tracy, do you?
Leather vest, mustache...
Tracy Woods?
No.
I wonder if he's still fixing water pumps.
Anyway, it'll always be a fond memory.
The list.
S-so, that's it? We're...
What about the package?
You're gonna deliver it or return it or whatever the people you work for want you to do with it.
And as far as you're concerned, we never had this conversation.
Dembe?
A copy, please.
I hope you have nothing pressing.
This may take a minute or three.
You sure you don't know him?
Leather vest, mustache...
Tracy Woods?
Shame.
Hey.
I got something.
Hey.
Okay, I never wanted to know this much about gas chromatography or gear lubricants, but I think Mr. Reddington is onto something.
Look at this.
We pulled the lab reports from the NTSB, and the chopper's engine tested positive for two distinct compounds.
The first is ethephon, which is a ripening agent for tobacco.
- And how does that help us?
- Take a look.
Tobacco production's way down in this area.
In fact, since 1998, the federal government is actually paying farmers not to grow it.
Okay, but there's still plenty of tobacco farms.
I agree, which brings us to chemical compound number two.
This one is used to grow sweet corn.
So we cross-reference the two?
Exactly.
We are looking for a pesticide manufacturer who used to supply tobacco growers but made the transition to corn.
And how many of those are there?
17.
Wait.
Of those, 11 are outside of the fuel range of this chopper.
Uh, of the other six, uh, only one has a structure large enough to get that stolen helicopter out of view and under construction.
Halifax Agro-Chem.
If I had to bet, I'd say that's their staging site.
It's around the corner, half a block up.
I make seven exterior cameras, and those are the ones they want us to see.
And it's on the list of drop sites I gave you?
Yes.
How long has Mr. Keen been inside?
I tailed him here four hours ago.
Lovely. Thank you, Preston.
- You want me to call Sabusawa?
- That would be ideal, but he's working an extraction in Ecuador.
Then how do you plan on getting keen out of that concrete box?
- We have a lead on Xiaoping Li.
- Excellent.
- Tell me.
- We think she's being held at Halifax Agro-Chem in Falls Church.
We're assembling a team.
Lizzy, about Tom...
I don't want to talk about Tom with you.
You have your opinion on how to proceed, and I have mine.
Just don't bother yourself. I'll deal with Tom.
Lizzy, I assure you that will yield no answers and little satisfaction.
Well, I'll find out, won't I?
I wish I could talk you out of this.
You can't.
Well, good luck with Xiaoping...
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
I'm Raymond Reddington.
Hey. Look at this.
What are we looking at?
I have no idea.
Hey!
Get out of here!
Go!
What the hell was that?
Out! Out!
Move!
Move! Move!
Fall back. Asset en route. We're moving to the cars.
-
-
-
-
I mean, it looks like some sort of serial number.
Or an atomic number...
Something from a periodic table.
Why do you think that?
Because the only word I know that contains the letters "v-g" together is avgolemono.
I don't know what that is.
It's a soup.
Chicken stock, egg yolks, and lemon juice.
What?
I cook.
The point is, maybe Xiaoping Li left us a message.
I'll run the letter combination against the DMV registry
- and see if we can get a hit.
- Any luck?
- I can't get ahold of Reddington.
- You told him the location where the brothers were holding Xiaoping Li, right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Don't you find it a hell of a coincidence that we show up there, they're gone, and now we can't get ahold of Reddington?
- We've been played.
- No.
Red put us on to the Pavlovich brothers because he knew it would lead him straight to Xiaoping Li.
That woman's worth millions.
Where are you going?
I'm going to find Reddington, get some answers.
Reddington, I need you to call me, please.
I need some help with the case.
A gift from Reddington. Enjoy.
Two years wasted.
Two years we spent. On what?
Do you care at all what you've done to me...
What you've done to my life?
What has it done to you?
Who could do such a thing?
Finding you, stopping you...
You'd think I'd be happy you're gonna spend the rest of your life in prison.
You'd think I'd get some satisfaction out of that, but I don't because nothing...
No sentence, no punishment, no revenge, could ever come close to making up for what you've done.
- I was doing my job.
- Your job?
That was our life!
We were going to have a baby to...
You begged me to have a baby!
- I was doing my job.
- Stop talking about your job!
You, this...
Everything was a lie!
My life was a lie!
Every feeling, every memory...
Say something to your wife, who's dying in front of you.
Say something.
It was the shoes.
What does that mean?
That's when I knew.
It was those brown leather shoes.
It was our third or maybe fourth date.
You'd come over to my place on Halstead, and we ordered, uh...
Takeout and rented a movie that we never finished because we ended up...
And you had to get up early for work.
And by the time I got up, you were gone.
I remember standing in the closet, half-dressed, reaching for my shoes when I saw that you had drawn this little heart
In the dust on my shoe.
You remember that?
It was the sweetest thing.
And ever since that moment, I just felt...
Sorry for you...
Because I knew...
I knew that I had you.
Part of me didn't want it to work...
But it did.
Archimedes.
Archimedes!
- I beg your pardon?
- Archimedes' formula.
You know, uh, the... the naked guy who shouted "Eureka."
Why would she write down a mathematical formula?
Maybe it's some kind of a code or a language they don't understand.
Archimedes' principle indicates that the upward buoyant force which is exerted on a body immersed in fluid,
- whether fully...
- Aram.
Um, water displacement. Boats displace water.
She's trying to tell us how they're getting her out of the country.
Contact the coast guard.
Get photos of the brothers and Xiaoping Li to every port authority on the eastern seaboard.
What are you gonna tell him?
Hey. What's going on?
Where are we on Xiaoping Li?
They're trying to ship her out of the country.
We're combing through the manifests now. Where are you?
Waiting on Reddington. He still hasn't shown.
I'm telling you, Keen. He used us.
These guys...
The Pavlovich brothers...
You remember what they did.
You were there that day on the bridge.
When we take them down, I want you to be there.
I will be, just as soon as...
I'm gonna have to call you back.
Nice try.
I was thirsty.
Yes?
- Where is she?
- Who?
Xiaoping Li. You took her.
You used the FBI and the Pavlovich brothers to get to Tom and what, get Xiaoping?
Make some bigger deal?
Trade on her secrets?
I have no use for germ warfare.
And as for using the FBI?
I wouldn't be in this relationship if there wasn't a mutual benefit.
- Where is she?
- I don't know.
I tried to bargain for her life, but negotiations went sideways.
It was all I could do to get Tom.
If we don't find her...
If she gets sent back to the Chinese,
- she's gonna die.
- Tell me what you know.
We think they're putting her on a cargo ship. We're not sure.
We're looking over the manifests, timetables,
- and shipping routes.
- She isn't cargo, Lizzy.
She's contraband. This is a smuggling operation.
And nothing gets smuggled in or out of the chesapeake without Rolph Cisco knowing about it.
Have Donald pay him a visit.
What is his obsession with you?
You guys got, like, a, uh, daddy-daughter thing going on?
What's your plan?
Is daddy coming over?
Is he gonna make me talk?
No, he's not.
I am.
Rolph Cisco?
Tell us about the Pavlovich brothers.
Who do you work for?
I have nothing to say.
- Who do you work for?
- Liz, come on.
You don't have it in you.
God! Aah!
Let me out of here! Please!
Get me out! Get me out!
It's okay. It's okay.
Easy, easy. We're the good guys.
Here. Come here.
I'm gonna put you down.
Easy.
You broke my thumb.
Yeah, I did.
If you're looking for sympathy, you might want to start with honesty.
Here's an example of honesty, Tom.
You've been making me pancakes for two years.
- I hate pancakes.
- You want honest?
Here's one.
If you're gonna handcuff somebody, don't break their thumb.
Your handcuffs.
One on the wrist. One on the banister. Do it.
I am not here to hurt you, Liz.
My job was never to hurt you.
I'm one of the good guys.
Reddington...
He's not who you think.
- I will find you.
- I can prove it.
The key in the lamp...
I know you found it.
Take it to radford bank. Box number 3929.
He is not who you think he is.
Goodbye, Liz.
You want me to stop him?
No, we'll just let the tail follow him.
Tell me about Whitefog.
Whitefog was a black project started
By the Chinese government five years ago.
You want to tell me what's going on with Agent Keen?
- Sir?
- Where was she today?
And don't tell me you don't know.
Was it Reddington?
Are there problems?
I think she's having troubles at home, sir.
I lost him.
He's gone.
No.
This whole time, you've never let him out of your sight.
Your people are following him now.
They are.
How is this all gonna end?
This is an end.
And then something new will begin.
You deserve the best in life, Lizzy.
I know that sounds odd coming from a man who has brought you some of the worst,
but it's the reason why Tom had to work so hard to be that for you...
To be kind, to be thoughtful, make you laugh, to make you love him.
Because you deserve that.
And it will come.
What are you waiting for?
Get an ambulance.
Please leave the room, darling.
You know I like to bathe in private.
[Stuttering] Mark, I didn't mean to kill her.
Okay? Okay.
Take it easy! What are you trying to do, break my head?
Say it.
Yes, darling, completely.
You're wasting your time and my time and the department's time.
I left Margaret at home.
Yes?
(Hugh) Margaret?
Is that you, Hugh?
Is, uh, is Mark there?
It's important.
Sorry, Hugh. It's Tuesday. Club night.
I can always tell.
Comes right after Monday.
Monday, Mark works late.
Oh, right.
Um, well, I'll... I'll get him at the club.
Mr. Caldwell, good to see you, sir.
Oh, yes, Charles. Thank you. I, uh,
I'm looking for Mr. Halperin.
Over there, sir.
The usual Tuesday night game, you know?
Mr. Lawrence is having quite a run with the dice.
Simply amazing. I've never...
Hugh, how are you?
It's been forever.
(Hugh) Fine, honey.
(Lawrence) Play it for $3,200, Mark, unless you want to resign at $1,600.
Hi, Hugh.
Hi, Mark.
Byron, I think your dice are about to turn cold.
The Army may have taught you bravery, Mark, but I'm not so sure about your judgment.
You still need doubles to win.
You see, Byron, sometimes a little boldness is exactly what's called for.
Uh, Mark, excuse me.
Could I talk to you for a second?
What's the matter?
I just... I'd just like to see you for a second.
All right. Be back in a minute.
Don't go away, huh. What's the matter?
Nothing. I just want to talk to you for a minute.
Something wrong?
No.
Danny, bring us a double Scotch, will you?
Yes, sir, Mr. Halperin. Right away.
Are you sure she's dead?
Yeah.
It just happened.
We were... we were fighting.
We were screaming at each other.
I was sure she was gonna see somebody tonight.
She came at me, and I must have grabbed her by the throat.
All right. Take it easy. Take it easy.
I didn't know what I was doing.
I just saw her face looking up at me
and then when I realized what I was doing,
I let her go.
And she just fell.
Calm down. Calm down.
Mark, you gotta tell me what to do.
All right.
Now, was there anyone else in the house when this happened?
No, she, uh, she left about 8:15, when I got home.
Right. Right.
Did you call anyone?
Just your place.
Margaret told me you were here.
But you didn't say anything to her?
No.
Or maybe I should call Fred.
He doesn't handle criminal cases, but he must know somebody...
Or maybe I should go to the police.
Mark, I didn't mean to kill her.
Hugh, you can't afford to do that.
Everyone knows the problems you and Janice were having.
Now, listen to me.
It's almost 10:00.
I want you to go in the other bar, there are more people in there.
At exactly 10:30, I want you to call your house.
I'll answer the phone.
You pretend it's Janice.
Make sure the bartender and anyone else in the bar overhears your conversation.
Why?
You want me to help you, don't you?
All right. Do as I say.
All right, Mark. Fine.
Janice, is that you?
Are you in a bar?
Yes, yes, that's right.
Is everything all right?
Everything's just fine.
Now listen to me.
She's gone to bed early, she's not going to wait up for you.
Yes, yes, darling. Of course, you must be exhausted.
Get a good night's sleep, and I'll see you in the morning.
All right.
Say it.
All right, you get a good night's sleep, and I'll see you in the morning, huh?
All right. Fine, Hugh. You're doing just fine.
Now listen to me.
You stay right there in the bar and don't move until the police contact you.
Yes. Yes, dear. Yes.
Yes, good night, darling.
Ah, she's been out all day shopping.
She's exhausted.
Yes, sir.
She's gettin' ready for bed now.
I guess it won't hurt to have another one.
(Margaret) Mark, is that you?
It's me.
Hi.
You're home early tonight, Mark.
Yeah.
I was a little tired.
What's this?
Another one of your bleeding-heart friends get into print?
Did you win tonight, Mark, or is that a silly question?
Oddly enough, I did.
Wonderful. Yeah.
That means I won't have to write you a check this week.
That will be refreshing.
Won't it be?
For both of us.
Did I tell you I'm speaking at the Holcombe House tomorrow evening?
They've named me "Woman of the Year."
Really?
How much is that going to cost you?
Oh, don't be crude.
My, my, "Woman of the Year," that's quite an honor.
Playing queen bee to a motley assortment of junkies, pushers, and losers.
You know, I don't know how much money you've pumped into your assorted charities, Margaret, but it's a lot more than any $10 trophy they're going to hand you.
Not tonight, please.
Darling, if you're embarrassed by all your millions, why don't you just sign them over to me?
They wouldn't embarrass me in the least.
Money is a weapon, Mark, a tool to be used for good, if it's used properly.
Hmm. Properly?
I see.
That means handing it out like Halloween candy to a bunch of grifters who've never done a day's work in their lives?
'Cause nobody has ever given them a chance. Come on, Margaret.
Do you know what it's like to be an ex-convict trying to find honest work?
Margaret, please.
Please don't lecture me on ex-cons.
I wrote that book.
(Mark) Margaret.
(Margaret) What is it?
A man.
I just saw a man running from the Caldwell house.
What?
Yeah.
All the lights are on over there.
I don't like the looks of that.
I don't see anyone.
Uh, do you think the man could have been Hugh?
No, no, I left Hugh at the club.
There's no answer.
I think something's wrong.
Police headquarters.
Sgt. De Maio.
Sergeant, this is Deputy Commissioner Halperin.
Yes, sir. Yes, Commissioner.
Uh, I just saw a man, a strange man, running from a house on, uh... on Fairfax Drive.
I want you to dispatch a unit over there immediately.
Uh, the number is 1278 Fairfax Drive.
Right.
I dropped my cigar.
Is that it there, Lieutenant?
Where?
Under there.
Wait a minute.
I don't want to burn up the Commissioner's car.
I got it. I grabbed the wrong end.
Come here, you little rascal. Okay.
That looks okay.
Officer, do me a favor, huh?
Look under there and make sure nothing's burning.
(officer) All right, Lieutenant.
Uh, everything's okay, Lieutenant.
You sure?
Positive. Look again.
Right, Lieutenant.
(Mark) What's missing?
(Duffy) Just her jewelry.
He never went near the paintings nor the silverware.
There's a vase out there worth a couple of thousand dollars.
He never touched that.
It's the same guy, all right.
All right, I want you to pick up every known burglar in the morning.
If you talked to them before, talk to them again.
If you need any extra men, let me know. Yes, sir.
Columbo, it's about time you showed up.
Yes sir. I'm sorry. It was my car.
The battery went dead.
Commissioner, your car is here now.
Thank you.
Tried to get my wife's car. She was at my sister-in-law's, so I called there...
It's a boring story.
Thank you very much for sending your car. I appreciate it.
It's quite all right.
Duffy will fill you in on what's happened.
It's the same man who's been hitting this area in the past few weeks.
The M.O.'s identical.
I see.
Well, maybe I better look around.
Good looking broad except for the marks around her neck.
Certainly is.
(Columbo) What do you figure happened?
Looks like she was getting ready to hit the sack.
Probably heard the guy down here, came down to see what was goin' on.
Could've just called us, but she's gotta make like a hero, right?
How long has she been dead?
Not too long.
She talked to her husband on the phone about an hour ago.
Yeah, an hour ago.
Okay. It's all yours.
Thank you.
Find anything yet?
(Randall) Just a few smudges on this jewelry box.
But everything else looks pretty clean.
Sergeant, did you dust these handles yet?
(Randall) Not yet, Lieutenant.
Well, let me know if you find anything.
I think you're wasting your time, Lieutenant.
This is the fourth time
I've been in this neighborhood in two weeks.
Now this guy's good. Wears gloves.
Never leaves me a print.
Well, let me know if you find anything.
Right away, sir.
(Mark) We will provide protection for all our citizens, not just those in the inner city or in the so-called problem areas.
Now, the brutal murder, last night, of Janice Caldwell is a scathing indictment of the police department's failure, of our failure, to cope with crime on the most fundamental levels.
The taxpayers of this great city are entitled to the safety of their own homes and I mean to guarantee that safety.
(bartender) What's the matter, Artie?
Don't you believe in law and order?
That guy gives me a pain.
(bartender) I'll turn it off.
I thought we were going shopping.
I told you I have to wait for somebody here.
Well, he'd better hurry up because you're not spending any afternoon in this place.
I hate this place.
And you know I hate this place.
But I like it.
Did you get the tickets yet?
What tickets?
"What tickets?" I told you, we're going to the roller derby tonight.
Hey, are you crazy?
I'm not going to any roller derby.
A month...
You've been out a whole month and you haven't taken me anyplace.
You think you can hang around this place again with your old pals from prison.
What's left of them.
Guess again, Artie.
Hey!
This is my place of business.
You don't have to come in here!
So, don't come in here!
We're goin' out.
That's what you think!
Where have you been?
I've been waiting for you for over an hour now.
I got hung up.
I got the stuff at my joint from the other night.
(Sharkey) Are you kiddin'?
I wouldn't touch any of it.
Not after what happened last night.
Killin' that woman?
Are you crazy?
That wasn't me.
Come on, you've been hittin' that neighborhood pretty good.
The other joints, sure.
But the one last night, that wasn't me.
Okay, have it your way.
But I can't handle your goods.
Not with the kind of heat I'll be getting.
I should've known better than to deal with a punk like you.
Johnny Romano, Carlos Vera, they were men.
Yeah, but they're dead.
Times change.
It's tougher on the outside now.
You know, you spent so much time up in that prison, you don't know how it is any more.
You all through?
Come on, let's get those tickets.
I wanna sit real close.
Come on, let's go. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Let's go.
Come on. You can walk faster.
Come on.
Will you shut up?
Commissioner, specifically what steps are you taking to offset this rash of crime in the Bel Air area?
Well, I've ordered a double shift on all squad cars, sunset-to-sunrise helicopter patrol.
As a matter of fact, I plan to be in that chopper myself tonight to get a firsthand look at this operation.
We're going to get this man, and we're gonna get him soon.
Whoever he is, wherever he is, he's not going to be able to escape detection indefinitely.
Now, last night he made his first mistake.
My wife and I were in our bedroom when he ran from the Caldwell house.
Well, he's gonna make other mistakes.
When he does, we'll get him, and we'll hit him with a first-degree-murder charge that will stick.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
Now, If you'll excuse me...
Does that mean your wife can identify this man as well as yourself?
Sir, sir, can your wife identify this man?
Ma'am.
You startled me.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What happened?
I tore my...
On the cactus, I...
Oh, I'm sorry.
It was very clumsy of me.
No, no, it was my fault, ma'am. I frightened you.
I'm sorry about that.
L... I know you, don't I?
Yes, ma'am, you do.
L... I was afraid you'd remember.
It was at the chief inspector's dinner last year at the hotel.
I was a little drunk. Lt. Columbo.
Oh, isn't it perfectly awful?
Janice Caldwell had so much to give.
I'm sure she'd have found her way.
Yes, ma'am.
That's what I wanted to ask you about.
You being close friends and all.
Several people have told me that she and her husband were, um...
Well, that is, that she...
Well, they were having problems.
Was she seeing other men?
Is that what you wanted to know?
Uh, yes, ma'am.
Surely that can't make any difference now.
Probably not, but I'd appreciate it if you could give me a few names.
I'm sorry. I never pried into Janice's personal affairs.
Once, last year, I, I did try talking to her.
She became very defensive, almost violent.
Then she was seeing other men?
Yes.
Young men, I believe. Men I didn't know.
Thank you, ma'am. You've been very helpful.
Uh, Mrs. Halperin, one other thing.
Last night, the burglar...
Your husband gave us a description.
He saw him running from the Caldwell house.
Yes, from our bedroom window.
Now, I understand you were also in the bedroom.
So, I would like to check your description with his.
Oh, I... I didn't see him.
By the time I got to the terrace, he had gone.
You weren't at the window?
No.
Where were you?
Well, I was in bed, and then I went to the window.
Thank you, ma'am.
Uh, one other thing, Mrs. Halperin.
The Caldwell house? It's on the next block, is it?
Yes. Right across the street. Number 1278.
Yeah, I know the address. I was there this morning.
I, I was just trying to visualize the proximity.
Thank you.
Excuse me, sir. A police officer to see you.
The same one who was here this morning when you were out.
Yes. Uh, would you ask him to come in, please?
Excuse me, sir. I hate to trouble you at this time.
Lt. Columbo.
Yes, Lieutenant.
My maid said you were here earlier.
L... I'm sorry, I had to make arrangements...
I hate to bother you like this.
Like a cup of coffee, Lieutenant?
No.
(Hugh) I'm afraid I've been drinking too much coffee today, but I didn't sleep very well last night.
Thank you very much.
Is there, uh...
Something wrong, Lieutenant?
Wrong? No, sir.
Not at all.
Couple of things I want to clear up just to satisfy myself.
Satisfy yourself, how?
The way your wife died, Mr. Caldwell.
Couple of small things. Probably don't mean anything.
I spoke to your maid, Mrs. Um...
Fernandez.
She's a nice lady.
I guess she worked very long hours yesterday.
It must have been a big cleaning day.
Well, I really wouldn't know.
Apparently, your wife was out shopping all day.
Mrs. Fernandez left here at, uh...
Oh, it was after 8:00, Lieutenant.
And my wife and I arrived home about the same time.
Your wife was downstairs?
Right. In the living room, having a drink.
Mrs. Fernandez says she was wearing a red dress.
Yes, I believe it was.
I see.
And then you went out? 9:00.
Yes.
Was your wife still wearing the red dress?
Yes, Lieutenant.
Look, we had a couple of drinks. I left.
Now, she didn't get ready for bed until I called her around 10:30.
At the club?
They found you at the bar when the police finally located you.
That's right, Lieutenant.
Look, Janice apparently went upstairs to change.
She put on her nightgown, heard a noise, came down, and surprised this burglar.
I mean,
I should think the facts would speak for themselves.
It's very strange.
See, there's one thing that's very strange.
And what's that, Lieutenant?
Mrs. Fernandez dusted the whole house.
Wax, polish, everything.
Including the bedroom.
Now, the fingerprint people, they checked the handle on the closet door.
Your wife's prints weren't on it.
What I can't figure out is how did she open the door and take out the nightgown without leaving any prints?
That's very simple, Lieutenant.
You see, my wife was in the habit of folding her nightgown every morning when she got up and putting it under her pillow.
Don't you see?
She had no reason to go to the closet.
Yes. Yes. I see.
That would explain it. Yes, it certainly would.
Well, thank you.
No, not at all, Lieutenant.
Excuse me, sir? Sir?
Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am!
You got some jumpers for a battery?
No.
Listen, there's a gas station up ahead.
Would you drive me over there?
Thank you.
Columbo?
Excuse me, sir. I didn't mean to barge in.
I looked for your secretary.
I guess she's powdering her nose or something.
May I, uh...
I would've been here earlier, but my car broke down again.
I had some more trouble. They're telling me it's the generator...
If you don't mind, Lieutenant, I'm in something of a hurry.
I'm making real progress. So, I thought...
Finish your report?
No, I haven't.
Well, finish the report and I'll read it.
Right now, I've gotta get home and get something to eat.
I'm on that chopper patrol tonight.
I understand, sir.
Just take a minute. I know you're in a hurry.
Before I actually fill out the report, if I could just double-check that description that you had...
It was hardly a description.
I barely got a glimpse of him.
Right.
You did say, uh, dark sweater.
(Mark) That's right.
Dark pants.
And some kind of cap.
And a dark cap.
Dark cap.
That's it, then. Just dark?
It was night, Lieutenant.
And I was a long way away.
Uh, that's too bad.
That's what your wife said.
You spoke to my wife, did you?
I thought you left.
What was that you said?
I say, you spoke to my wife.
Yes, there's nothing wrong?
No. Certainly not.
No, you know, you see, it was just that on the basis of the news conference this morning,
I thought that she also saw the burglar.
That's ridiculous.
He was gone by the time she got to the terrace.
Yes, sir. That's what she said.
But you certainly gave that impression, so I thought...
Look, Lieutenant, if you don't mind,
I've got to go now, my limousine is waiting.
There are a couple of other things...
Give my secretary a call in the morning,
I'll try to find some time for you.
Oh, Mark, you frightened me.
What are you doing home so early?
Oh, I thought I'd get an early supper.
Please leave the room, darling.
You know I like to bathe in private.
Come on, Margaret. Don't be so coy.
You know, you wear those bubbles like a suit of armor.
Come on, Mark. I'll only be a minute.
Have I told you recently, darling, that our marriage has been a constant joy to me?
Huh? Have I?
No, you haven't.
Well, it has.
I think the first thing that appealed to me about you, Margaret, was your... your generosity, that sweet open-handed quality of yours.
Although sometimes your... your judgment's not so good.
You know that, don't you?
[Laughing] What are you saying?
Well, $4.5 million and you're willing to hand it out to anybody who has a sad story and a rumpled suit.
It's my money, Mark. My inheritance.
Wrong, darling.
My inheritance.
Thanks for coming.
Where's Margaret?
She's at home.
A closed casket, huh?
Couldn't bear to look her in the face.
Mark, I don't know how to thank you.
If it hadn't been for you last night...
You'd be facing a murder charge.
If there's anything I can ever do for you...
There is, my friend.
Tonight.
If you gentlemen want to finish paying your respects to the loved one, we will be closing up until 8:30.
I left Margaret at home.
She's lying on the tile floor near the front door.
She's dead.
Good Lord, Mark.
[Whispering] Quiet.
How?
She drowned in the bathtub.
Only, the police are never gonna know that.
They're gonna think the notorious Bel Air Burglar killed her.
And you must see to that.
What are you talking about?
I can't get involved.
You are involved, my friend.
This is the quid pro quo.
You killed your wife and I protected you.
Now you protect me or I'll see to it that you go to jail for the rest of your life.
Yes, perfectly.
All right.
Now, I left some clothes in a pile by the front door.
Here's what I want you to do.
This is Chopper One. This is Chopper One.
Baker Seven, do you read me? Over.
(patrolman) This is Baker Seven.
We see you, Chopper One.
Okay, we're heading east.
10-4.
A little early in the evening for this burglar, isn't it, Commissioner?
You never know, Pete.
Clocks don't mean a thing in an empty house, you know.
Yeah, except last night the house wasn't empty.
That's funny.
What is it?
That's my house down there.
And I saw someone lurking near my wife's car.
He' s disappeared.
Circle around here, Pete, will you?
Yes, sir.
My God, Margaret. Hover over the pool.
I'm gonna try to get out.
Yes, sir.
Help me! Quick!
Please, for God's sake!
What are you waiting for?
Get an ambulance for God's sake.
Margaret. Margaret.
My God, Margaret.
She's gone, sir.
What do you mean?
You're crazy.
She's gonna be all right. Get an ambulance!
Margaret.
Lieutenant, I just heard. Terrible.
The Commissioner, how's he holding up?
They got him in the kitchen.
They're putting some dry clothes on him now.
It's not too bad, I tell you.
The burglar, huh?
Yeah. It's funny, though. Very funny.
What?
There's no sign that he forced his way into the house.
As near as we can figure it, he was laying for her, out in the back by the car.
(Randall) Lieutenant!
Excuse me, Columbo.
Lt. Duffy, sir. Yes, sir.
(Doyle) Just keep circling around.
He's got to be around here somewhere.
Yeah, well, keep looking.
That's right.
(Columbo) What happened, Doc?
See for yourself, Columbo. She drowned.
In a pool?
Guy tossed her in a pool?
That's it.
Wonder why she didn't swim?
Probably couldn't swim.
Well, maybe she passed out, Lieutenant.
What are we gonna do?
He didn't hit her first?
No marks? No struggle?
There might've been a struggle. She gotta tear on her sleeve.
(officer) Hey, Doyle?
Yeah. Yeah.
No, that happened this afternoon.
She tore it on a cactus bush. I was there when it happened.
(officer) This guy just pulled up out front.
(Al) I've come to see Ms. Halperin.
(officer) What about?
Well, she was supposed to come to our meeting tonight and get an award, that's all.
The way things look around here,
I'd like to get out of here.
What did you say? A meeting?
She was supposed to get an award?
Yeah, Holcombe House.
Gonna have dinner at 8:00.
And she was gonna make a little speech and pick up her trophy.
I called her house when she didn't show.
Line was always busy, so I came over.
She was supposed to have dinner with you at 8:00 and make a speech?
That's where she was going when the guy jumped her.
Where were you at 7:30?
I was at the place, setting' up.
Relax, huh. You're making me nervous.
You can prove it, right?
Prove it?
Yeah. I can prove it.
I'll bet you can.
All right, Doyle.
Take this gentleman's name and let him go.
Don't talk to me about manpower allocations!
Now, this man killed my wife and I want him!
Now, you get three units over here and get them over fast.
You're gonna answer to me in the morning.
Excuse me, Commissioner,
I just want to tell you how badly I feel.
And if there's anything that I can do...
No, no, thank you.
Mark, I want you to take those pills...
What?
I want you to take the pills that I gave you...
All right, I'll take the pills.
I'm shocked.
Terribly shocking.
The man is obviously insane.
I mean, to come back here and do this...
Particularly after the news broadcast when you told them about the increased patrols...
Don't you see?
It was the news broadcast that killed her.
It was my fault.
I don't follow, sir.
You mentioned it this afternoon, that stupid slip of the tongue that I made when I said that Margaret and I were in our bedroom when the man ran from the Caldwell house.
He must have thought she could identify him.
That's the reason he came back.
Not to steal anything but to silence her.
Yes, that is a possibility.
The tragedy is, she never saw him.
She couldn't identify him.
You mustn't blame yourself, sir.
He threw her in the pool.
She drowned before I could reach her.
He threw her in the pool?
Are you sure of that, sir?
Of course, I'm sure of it. I was a witness.
Pete Hayley and I were in the helicopter and we saw the whole thing.
Then you had the light on?
L... I thought I saw something.
It was kind of a gut feeling, I suppose.
I told him to go back and to hover over the patio area.
I switched on the lights, and there he was.
The same man holding Margaret in his arms.
Are you sure it was the same man?
Well, assumedly...
Yes, he was wearing the same clothes.
I see.
You must have a lot of those.
What?
Gut feelings.
What are you talking about?
Well, you had a gut feeling last night.
I don't know what you're talking about.
What do you mean?
When you asked for me to report to the Caldwell house.
Yes.
I found out you asked for me when you first called in.
I did.
What I mean, sir, is that the burglar had never harmed anybody before, yet from your bedroom window when you called in, you asked for me.
I was just trying to figure out how you knew that the woman was already dead.
I didn't.
Didn't know, obviously.
Well, I... I did have some kind of a feeling.
I sensed something was wrong.
Well, the lights were on, for one thing.
The man running from the house, the fact that Janice was there alone, I...
You're a policeman, I don't have to explain these things.
Yes, I know exactly what you feel.
I've had that feeling many times.
You know something is wrong, you just can't get a handle on it.
All right, sir.
I'm going to look around the house if it's all right with you.
Columbo.
Yeah, go ahead.
What's the matter, Columbo?
You think he's hiding in the tub there?
(Columbo) Just checkin'.
Yeah?
What did you find?
(Columbo) Clean and dry.
Clean and dry.
Let me ask you somethin'.
How do you figure this guy?
I mean, to me, a burglar is like a hungry alley cat.
He sneaks around after dark, but if he hears something', he runs.
Haven't you ever heard of future shock?
The world's going to hell with itself.
Believe me, Columbo. Times have changed.
Yeah.
Maybe.
But still.
But still, you know what bothers me about the murder last night?
You mean the Caldwell woman?
Yeah.
I, uh, I looked at her body.
Right away I saw on her finger the biggest diamond ring I ever saw in my life.
Now, I gotta ask myself this question.
What kind of a burglar robs a house and leaves a ring like that on the victim's finger?
So that's what's been buggin' you?
You're something else.
Don't you think we thought of that?
It's a phony.
The ring was phony?
Solid glass. A piece of garbage.
A pro would have spotted it a mile away, and this guy's a pro.
Excuse me, one moment, will you?
Yeah, I guess that explains it.
See, here I am,
I've been batting my brains out trying to figure out about that ring and you guys had it all the time.
Glass.
How do you like that?
Listen, Doc, do me a favor. Would you?
When you perform the autopsy, would you check something for me?
This woman apparently drowned in the swimming pool, so when you check her lungs, see if there's any evidence of chlorine.
There won't be.
Chorine dissipates almost immediately in the human body.
Anyway, the fluids would be masked by the effects of pulmonary edema.
So, uh, does that mean that you couldn't tell if this woman drowned, say, in a bathtub...
Sure, if the bathtub were full of gin.
Well, check it anyway, would you?
It's part of the job.
Yes?
(woman) Lt. Columbo, sir.
All right, send him in.
I hope I'm not disturbing you, sir.
No, it's all right. Come in.
This is none of my business.
Stop me if I'm out of line, but nobody expected you to be at your desk today.
I want to be here, Lieutenant.
I want to keep working, keep my mind off...
All right, let's see.
Uh, here's, ahem, here's Lieutenant Duffy's report.
There's no question, it's the Bel Air Burglar, all right.
It's too bad he got away last night without a trace.
Oh, and speaking of reports...
That's what I wanted to talk to you about.
I'm making terrific progress, but, you see, I don't think we should be looking for a burglar.
What?
No, sir.
I think we should be looking for someone who made it seem like a burglary.
What are you talking about, Columbo?
Here, read Duffy's report.
It shows very clearly it's the same man we've been looking for.
I'm sure this is a very good report, sir, but there are a couple of things that don't add up.
Like what?
Oh, for one thing, the fingerprints.
Come on, come on, Columbo, there were no fingerprints.
That's what I mean, sir.
You see, Mr. Caldwell left the house around 9:00.
He called his wife at 10:30 from the bar at the club.
This is what bothers me, sir.
If Mrs. Caldwell spoke to her husband on the phone, why didn't she leave any fingerprints on the phone?
Now that's strange, isn't it?
The maid spent the whole day cleaning, she dusted everything.
Including the phones.
The phone in the upstairs bedroom, that's absolutely clean.
The one downstairs has Mr. Caldwell's prints on it, but it doesn't have Mrs. Caldwell's prints.
All right, what are you implying?
That Caldwell never actually talked to his wife?
Did it ever occur to you that maybe the burglar used the phone after she did and then wiped it clean?
Occur to me that the burglar used the phone after and wiped it clean?
Yeah.
No, sir.
Why not?
Well, because the burglar had to wear gloves.
You see, sir,
There were no prints of his anywhere in the house.
Now there's another thing that's very strange.
Is this bothering you?
No.
Excuse me.
There's something else.
The way this woman's body was dressed in that nightgown.
She didn't do that.
Somebody else dressed her in that nightgown.
Is that a fact, Lieutenant?
Or just some more of your fancy guesswork?
Well, you see, sir, she was wearing a pale blue nightgown which she got from her closet.
And you know something?
There were no prints on the handle of the closet door either.
I don't see what you're getting at.
Unless you're trying to tell me that Caldwell killed his wife and then faked the whole thing?
Oh, no, sir. No. I don't mean that at all.
No. You see,
Mrs. Caldwell, she had a habit whereby she would put her nightgown under the pillow every morning.
I saw a pink nightgown under the pillow.
So, of course, we know that Mrs. Caldwell would not have put on the blue nightgown.
Now, here's what's interesting.
Mr. Caldwell, he knew about the nightgown under the pillow.
So if he had dressed his wife's body, that would be the first place that he would have looked.
No, sir, we're looking for somebody else.
We're looking for somebody... somebody who tried to make a murder look like a burglary.
Like who, for instance?
Well, sir,
I don't like to speak badly of the dead, but, yesterday, your wife confirmed to me that Mrs. Caldwell was seeing other men.
And you think it was one of them?
Yes, sir. I think that's a possibility.
All right, now listen to me, Lieutenant, you're wasting your time and my time and the department's time and it's gonna stop.
look, Columbo, you must understand that no one, no one wants this man caught any more than I do.
Especially now.
But we are looking for a burglar, a man who killed one woman out of fear, who killed another to silence her.
You go on that basis and we're going to solve this case.
You don't think that
I have anything here?
Lieutenant, nobody can be right all the time.
Look for your burglar. There's the killer.
Excuse me, uh,
Mr. Wexler?
He's inside with a customer for the moment.
Oh, thank you.
We can smoke here?
Yes.
May I help you, sir?
No, thank you very much.
No, I am waiting for Mr. Wexler.
Mr. Wexler is servicing a client at the moment.
If there's anything I can do...
No, thank you.
Oh, excuse me, ma'am. Do you happen to...
Do you sell watchbands?
Of course.
I broke this a couple of weeks ago.
I've been carrying it with me.
This is a very good watch, only five years old.
Waterproof and shockproof.
Do you have something for that?
Seven jewels.
We have a large selection, sir, starting at $25.
No, I don't want a watch, just the band.
That is for just the band.
No kidding.
I think I'll do it some other time, thanks a lot.
Oh, uh, Mr. Wexler is free now, if you'd care to see him.
Thank you.
Mr. Wexler?
(Wexler) I'm Bruno Wexler, yes.
Lieutenant Columbo.
If you can spare a moment, it's about Mrs. Caldwell.
I believe she shopped here in your store.
Mrs. Caldwell was a valued client, yes.
Yes. That's what I understood, sir, from going through her papers.
Mostly receipts for jewelry that she bought here.
Of course, that was some time ago.
The most recent receipt that I found was dated six months ago, September.
Well, I would have to check back.
Um, of course, she came in here quite a few times since then, didn't she?
I mean, even though she didn't buy anything.
I've talked to a few people, friends, the maid...
Lieutenant, could you get to the point?
May I sit down?
Of course.
This is the point, sir.
Yes?
It's glass.
I can see that it's glass.
But this appraisal for $8,000 for a 3.6
- Carat, pear-shaped diamond ring with tapered baguettes in a four-prong setting.
This appraisal is for that ring, isn't it?
Well, I never would have charged Mrs. Caldwell $8,000 for a piece of glass.
But that is your work, isn't it?
Yes, Lieutenant.
I arranged with a friend to have this copied for Mrs. Caldwell so that her husband wouldn't realize that she had sold the original back to me.
As a matter of fact, she sold a lot of jewelry back to you.
The woman needed money.
Her husband had cut off her funds.
Then all the jewelry in her house was phony.
Almost all of it. Yes.
Why did she need the money?
Really, Lieutenant...
I understood she had a lot of boyfriends.
Well, Mrs. Caldwell was beautiful and charming for a woman of 36.
But she fancied that she was growing old very slowly.
In fact, hardly at all to judge by the young men from whom she found companionship.
Yes, indeed.
That's a real honey.
You know, we don't get to see many of these around anymore.
Especially in this condition.
Well, I try to take good care of it.
I'm looking for a Mr. Shoup.
I'm Mr. Shoup.
Charlie Shoup.
My name is Columbo.
How many miles you got on it, Mr. Columbo?
20,000? 30,000 tops.
Oh, I got over 100,000 miles on this car.
That's pretty hard to believe.
Well, look, I don't care what the speedometer says,
I'm gonna make you an offer on a trade-in that you just won't be able to turn down.
Police?
Look, I just work here.
The stuff they pull up in the business office is none of my doing.
You got a beef?
Go see the boss.
Good-lookin' watch.
Thanks.
I'm here to talk about a Janice Caldwell.
Did she give you that watch?
Janice Caldwell was a friend of mine, Lieutenant.
Where were you Tuesday evening, Mr. Shoup, between 9:00 and midnight?
That was the night Janice was killed?
Tuesday evening.
I was right here until 9:30, that's when we close up.
As a matter of fact, Janice was supposed to pick me up.
When she didn't show up,
I gave her a call at her place, but there was no answer.
Figured I'd been stood up. So I...
There was no answer?
No, sir.
What time?
Around 9:30.
Go on.
Well, like I said, I figured I'd been stood up.
So I went out with a little bookkeeper we got here, had a couple of drinks across the street, went back to my place.
You can substantiate that?
She's right inside, Lieutenant.
Ask for Shirley.
That won't be necessary. Thank you very much.
You've been very helpful.
Lieutenant?
I'll give you $80 for it in a trade.
Excuse me, Commissioner. I'm sorry to bother you at home...
It's all right. Come in, Lieutenant.
Thank you, sir.
I know I was supposed to have the report at 6:00.
Let me tell you what happened.
My car let me down again.
They let me use another one.
Well?
Well, what?
Where is it, the report?
That's the problem.
I sat down in front of the typewriter and nothing happened.
Look, Columbo, I'm a little bit tired.
If you've come in here to bombard me with more of your screwball ideas...
May I explain the problem, sir?
Just give me a moment.
You've had a lot of experience.
You happen to know this woman
Mrs. Caldwell. She was your neighbor.
I thought maybe you could help me out with this thing.
I'm trying to figure it out.
If you could just give me a moment.
All right. Come on.
Thank you, sir.
You want a cognac?
No, thank you very much, sir. I want to keep my head clear.
This is complicated.
See whether or not you can help me with this.
Janice Caldwell died between 10:30 and 11:00.
Sometime after her husband spoke to her at 10:30 and sometime before you saw the burglar run out at 11:00.
Right?
That's correct.
That's why I can't start the report.
Why?
I get stuck in the beginning, the time of death.
What are you talking about, Columbo?
Janice Caldwell had a boyfriend.
She was supposed to meet him at 9:30.
That's an hour before she was supposed to have died.
She never showed up.
So she stood him up. So what?
Yeah, but the guy called her around 9:30, too, and there was no answer on the telephone.
I have to ask myself the question, why couldn't she answer the phone?
You know what I wrote down?
"Maybe she was dead already."
You follow my thinking?
Maybe she just didn't want to talk to the man.
Did that occur to you?
But she answered the phone later, when her husband called.
You see the contradiction.
If she didn't want to speak to her boyfriend at 9:30, why did she pick up the phone at 10:30?
But did she pick up the phone at 10:30?
Because her fingerprints were not on the telephone.
You see how confusing it gets.
That's why I keep going back to this.
"Maybe she was dead already."
'Cause if she's dead already, that explains everything.
That explains why she doesn't pick up her boyfriend.
That explains why she doesn't answer the phone.
And it explains why her fingerprints aren't on the phone.
Because if she was dead, her husband never spoke to her.
It was a fake call.
I specifically asked you this afternoon if you thought Caldwell had killed his wife.
And you said no, for what I thought was a very good reason.
Because he knew about the folded nightgown under the pillow.
I did say that, sir.
But in the light of these new developments, it occurred to me maybe he had an accomplice.
Listen, why couldn't he go out and hire somebody to run out of the house at 11:00, pretend to be a burglar.
Provide him with an alibi.
[Snickering] I see. I get it.
The next thing, I suppose, that you're gonna ask me to believe is this phantom accomplice, who never killed anybody in the first place, of course, comes back the next night to kill my wife.
Is that right? Is that the next step?
You know, Columbo, I really...
I really do admire your enthusiasm.
The force could use a 100 like you.
But this theory is a crock.
(Columbo) You think so, sir?
We are looking for a murderer who was a burglar, who panicked and killed two women.
Now, that's the theory we're gonna go on.
Is that clear?
That's an order.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Tomorrow morning, I want you to report to Lt. Duffy in the Robbery Division.
I want you to concentrate on his leads.
A little legwork and we'll have this man in a week,
I promise you.
The burglar?
Sir, in that connection,
I, uh, I spoke to a Mr. Wexler today...
Well, you're tired...
Not important.
Good night, sir.
Good night.
(dispatcher) 194. 194.
Come in, 194.
This is 194.
Lieutenant, we have a message for you from the Medical Examiner's office.
Can you patch me through?
Stand by.
Go ahead.
Doc, you wanted to talk to me?
(MacMurray) Columbo, I've got some bad news for you.
I checked Mrs. Halperin's lungs for traces of chlorine.
Just as I thought, no trace at all.
Yeah?
But I did find something that might interest you.
Trihydric alcohol glycerol and palmitic acid.
Say that again, Doc.
Soap, Lieutenant. Soap.
Find out what happened to Frankie Vale. Yes, sir.
Tell that probation guy
I want to see him by this afternoon. Yes, sir.
(Columbo) Lieutenant Duffy.
Oh, Columbo.
I'm having some problems.
Thought you would.
I spoke to the Commissioner last night.
He suggested that I report to you and maybe we could work together.
Well, it's nice to hear you have a little faith in us.
Come on inside, Columbo.
I thought maybe you could give me a line on some of the guys that you spoke to.
You know, the most likely suspects.
Take your pick.
But I'll tell you something, you won't find him in there.
You sure?
Columbo, these guys are like old friends.
Very placid and predictable types.
Now, what we're looking for is a younger guy, a guy with a violent temper.
Let me ask you something.
Leave out the last two murders.
Just concentrate on the first three robberies.
If you had your choice, which of these guys would you pick?
That's easy. The guy on top. Artie Jessup.
Artie's always my first choice when he's out on the streets, which isn't too often.
Take a look for yourself.
In and out of the joint since he was 20 years old.
That's almost 30 years of state hospitality, give or take a few vacations on the outside.
You know, I think old Artie prefers prison life.
He's very nervous out here with us civilians.
What about the M. O?
Fits a lot of guys, including Artie.
We've already talked to him. We can't hold him.
Why not?
Columbo, you said forget about the murders, right?
Artie has an alibi for both nights.
Mr. Jessup?
Do I know you?
I stopped by your place.
Your wife told me you were here.
My what?
My wife.
You got Scotch?
Yes, sir.
You like Scotch?
She wishes.
Give him some Scotch.
Thought maybe you could help me.
Suppose I wanted a few dollars for that.
Where did you find it, in a box of Cracker Jacks?
It's not real.
Come on, pal, what is this, some kind of hustle?
A cop.
I must be getting old.
I'm not from Robbery.
I'm from Homicide.
I'm investigating the killing of those two women in Bel Air.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
You're not going to hang that one on me.
No way! No way!
Where's my jacket?
You wanna book me, go ahead, book me!
Where's my jacket?
You had nothin' to do with it.
Then what are you here for?
I had nothing to do with it.
You wanna know what I am here for?
Yeah.
Gimme this.
Sit down.
I don't wanna sit down.
May I sit down?
Go ahead.
You had nothing to do with it.
Now, the guys down at the Robbery detail they can't identify the burglar that committed those two murders.
That's what I'm here for.
I can't help you.
You haven't heard anything?
Nothing.
You're sure?
Do you know I'm afraid of Siamese cats?
One meow and I'm out of the door with my pockets empty.
Oh, look, Lieutenant, that guy who killed those women, he scares me.
I mean, he really scares me.
Look, I'm a professional, we both know that, right?
Otherwise you wouldn't be down here.
That guy what killed those women, he gives guys like me a bad name.
Right.
Look, Lieutenant, if I knew who that guy was, you think I wouldn't have called you guys a long time ago?
Right.
Would you rob a thing like this?
Are you kidding?
They'd laugh me off the cellblock.
All right, listen to me, Artie.
I got a problem. You can help me.
Me?
I think I know who killed those two women.
But I can't prove it.
(man) Hey, Artie, it's your old lady.
She says, get your tail home, you're taking her shopping'.
Tell that bag to go...
Tell her I'll be home in a little while.
You know who killed those women?
Come on, Hugh, make sense. Who wants money?
The man. The burglar.
The one who's been robbing all the houses around here.
That's ridiculous.
Mark, he's dead serious.
He's ready to go to the police if I don't pay him.
But how does he know you killed Janice?
(Hugh) I don't know. I don't know.
The point is that he knows.
I should've called the police the moment it happened.
You did call the police, my friend.
How much does he want?
I don't know. I don't know.
Said he'd tell me later today.
When are you supposed to meet him?
Uh, 4:30.
A bar at Fifth and Wall.
All right, meet him.
I'll be waiting nearby.
Find out what he wants, and we'll decide how to... how to deal with him.
All right, no violence.
Why, Hugh,
I'm no more violent than you are.
The cops are trying to pin those robberies on me.
But, you see, I didn't pull that job in your joint.
But I figure you know that already, don't you?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Don't hand me that.
I figure you killed your old lady and tried to pin it on me.
Well, I got news for you, pal, nobody makes Artie Jessup a patsy, you got it?
It's gonna cost you.
You still haven't given me proof.
I don't need any proof.
All I gotta do is go to cops and confess to those first three robberies and, you know what, all of a sudden, they look into the other two where the women were killed.
Now, what do you think?
I think they got you.
Hey, I don't mind one way or the other.
Bein' on the outside isn't all that great.
All my buddies are back there, so going back on a burglary rap,
I won't mind that a bit. Now, come on.
What's it going to be, pal?
Do I go to the cops, or do we work something out?
All right.
How much?
Good.
Well?
He wants $5,000 in small bills. Old money.
Nothing larger than a $50.
$5,000, is that all?
The man has no imagination.
When do you meet him?
Tomorrow afternoon, here.
Same time?
Right. Now, Mark, he's dead serious.
He says he knows your department has him under suspicion for those other robberies, but that they can't prove anything.
He's not a stupid man.
All right, now, I want you to get the money from the bank.
I want you to be here tomorrow at the same time.
Mark, we can't start paying him.
He's just gonna want more.
Just leave him to me.
You keep your mouth shut and don't admit to anything.
We're gonna be just fine.
Both of us.
Oh, Columbo. What are you doing here?
Oh, good morning, sir.
Good morning.
Lt. Duffy is out on call. I'm using his office.
What's the matter with your office?
Well, I was going through these file folders.
These are the prime suspects in the robberies and Duffy didn't want the folders out of his office.
I wanna tell you something.
I'm doing it just exactly the way you suggested.
I'm concentrating my efforts on the robbery aspects of this crime, and you're right.
I think the answer lies right in here somewhere.
Good.
Good.
Okay, well, maybe I'll take a glance at these myself again.
I didn't get a very good look at that man the night he ran from the Caldwell house.
Still you never know, do you?
That's a good thought.
Sometimes something just clicks into place.
Well, on the other hand,
I've been through these a dozen times.
I don't think they can help me any.
That's a good thought, too, sir.
No sense wasting your time on a dead end.
(Mark) You keep at it, though, huh?
If you come up with anything, let me know.
Do you, uh...
Do you mind?
Be my guest.
Easy. Easy.
Under the table.
Gonna count it?
I trust you.
If it's short, you can always make it up in the next payment.
The next payment?
You said...
I said a lot of things, Mr. Caldwell.
One thing I forgot to tell you was that...
I'm a chronic liar.
(Duffy) Sure they're in there, sir?
Positive.
Caldwell is meeting him on my instructions.
Catch this man Jessup with the money, we'll have our killer.
(Duffy) Okay?
(policeman) Okay.
All right. Move.
(Artie) Take it easy.
(officer) You want it the hard way?
(Artie) Take it easy!
What are you trying to do, break my head?
What is this?
(Mark) It's called blackmail, Jessup.
First you rob this man's house, you kill two women, then you've got the gall to try blackmail.
Get out! You don't have any proof.
We'll have it. As soon as we search your apartment.
Which we'll do right now.
Columbo, Duffy, come with me. We'll need one squad car.
Commissioner, we need a warrant before we can search that apartment.
We already got one. You want to check it?
Yes, sir, that's fine.
I think you're making a mistake.
I'll prove to you, I'm not.
All right, take this man down and book him.
Mr. Caldwell will give you his statement.
Let's go.
Commissioner, I believe you are making a mistake here, sir.
I don't believe Jessup killed either of these women, particularly your wife.
(Mark) Don't be ridiculous.
I saw it, he threw her in the pool.
There were other witnesses.
(Duffy) Could you bring the keys up, please?
Right away, huh?
Sir.
(Duffy) He's on his way up, Commissioner.
Thank you.
Sir, I realize that your wife appeared to die in the pool.
Actually she died in the bathtub.
What are you talking about?
Right this way, please. Right this way.
Room 13.
It was the water in her lungs.
Commissioner.
The water in her lungs. There were traces of soap.
Duffy, check that bathroom. You, get the kitchen.
You see, sir, as soon as I saw the body,
I knew right away something was wrong.
You did, huh?
Check behind that stove, get under the sink there.
I knew something was wrong because of her outfit.
What she was wearing, the tear in her dress.
You see, I had asked myself the question.
Why does a woman go to an important testimonial dinner knowing that her sleeve is torn?
Got a whole closet full of nice clothes.
The one thing that I knew, she was not on her way to the dinner when she was drowned.
So, now it follows, she must have been drowned earlier.
Now I find out about the soap.
That places it in the bathtub.
You see, a couple of hours before her body was dropped into the pool, somebody drowned her and somebody dressed her.
The Medical Examiner's report set the time of death at 7:30, Columbo.
Yes, sir.
But that was based on your eyewitness testimony.
Now, I spoke to him.
He said it could just as easily have happened a couple of hours earlier.
All right. Suppose she did die in the bathtub.
Jessup surprised and killed her.
He dressed the body and threw it in the pool to make it look accidental.
No, sir, that's not possible.
You know why?
You see, the bathroom, the bathtub, the faucet itself, everything was bone dry.
Including the towels, not even slightly moist.
That was the first thing I checked, sir.
Now, she had to have drowned before 6:00 maybe even before 5:00, otherwise it wouldn't have been that dry.
Long before Jessup got there.
As a matter of fact, just about the time that you came home for supper.
Commissioner.
I believe you killed your wife.
And I believe you either killed Janice Caldwell or you're covering up for it.
You just lost your badge, my friend.
Come on, come on, keep digging.
(Duffy) Yes, sir.
At first, I thought Mr. Caldwell was responsible, but that didn't work out because of the nightgown business.
And then the next night when your wife was killed, and you had that terrific alibi, it suddenly hit me.
You were in it together and you tried to blame Artie Jessup.
And the truth is that Jessup was nowhere near either house either night.
(Duffy) Commissioner.
He wasn't, huh?
All right, how do you explain these?
Janice Caldwell's jewels.
I can explain it.
You took them from the Caldwell house, you hid 'em, and today you planted 'em here to incriminate Mr. Jessup.
You're crazy, you can't prove anything like that.
Sgt. Randall?
(Randall) Here, sir.
You.
Commissioner Halperin says he found these jewels under your mattress.
That's crazy.
You're a liar.
Hey, I don't even live here.
What?
I can verify that, sir.
He doesn't live here. I live here.
These are my shirts. That's my underwear.
My brother-in-law.
That's my nephew, my niece.
I haven't lived here long. Just moved in.
You see, the apartment was vacant for three weeks.
I just signed the lease.
You looked in the closet.
Those were my pajamas and my bathrobe.
The file folder, the... the report on the desk.
Yes, sir, I'll have to take responsibility for that.
You see, I persuaded Mr. Jessup to telephone Mr. Caldwell, knowing that Caldwell would contact you.
I was sure that once you knew the true identity of the burglar, you'd try and incriminate him.
So this morning, very early, just after I signed the lease,
I made up a new file folder on Mr. Jessup.
Everything was the same except this address.
Only one person, beside myself, knew this address.
That was you, sir.
That's all.
I think once your friend, Mr. Caldwell, understands the situation, he'll fill in some missing pieces.
Papa and his daughter Edna
Soup
Spaggety
Mellon
4 Beers Cigarettes
The Flirty Mr. and Mrs. Stout
SKATING
"I'am having a skate party tonight. Won't you come?"
"You must come to my party and bring a friend."
"An Old Sweetheart"
"I want you to meet my friend, so do come."
"Sir Cecil will be at the party, Papa!"
"The Party"
Sir Cecil Seltzer, C.O.D.
THE END .: ENGsub by Korf (UIN#104538656) :.
"THE CABINET OF DR. CALIGARI" Act 1
"Spirits surround us on every side - they have driven me from hearth and home, from wife and child."
"She is my bride..."
"What she and I have experienced is yet more remarkable than the story you have told me."
I will tell you...
"In the small town, where I was born..." "...a traveling fair had arrived."
"Him..."
"My friend, Alan..."
Come to the HOLSTENWALL FAIR! WONDERS! MARVELS!
"Come, Francis-- let's go to the fair."
"The Town-Clerk is in a bad mood today."
Dr. Caligari
"Wait!"
"Wait!"
"I want a permit to operate my show at the Fair."
"What kind of a show is it?"
"A somnambulist."
Step up! See the amazing CESARE, the SOMNAMBULIST!"
End of Act 1 Act 2
That night the first of a strange series of crimes occurred.
...Murder!
"A stab wound from a strange object caused the death of the Town-Clerk..."
Behold for the first time... Cesare, the somnambulist!
Cesare the miraculous!
He is about to wake up from his rigor mortis... before your very own eyes.
Don't miss this!"
"Wake up, Cesare!
I, Caligari, your master, command you!"
"Ladies and gentlemen! Cesare knows all secrets. Ask him to look into your future."
"How long shall I live?"
"Until dawn!"
Murder in Hollstenwall Reward 1000 Mark
"Alan, we both love her,
but no matter who she chooses, let us remain friends."
Night...
End of Act 2
Act 3
"Herr Francis! Herr Francis! Herr Alan is dead - murdered!"
"The prophecy of the somnambulist? !"
"I will not rest until I have solved this mystery!"
"I shall ask the police for permission to examine the somnambulist."
A murderer!"
"Wake him!"
HOLSTENWALL MURDERER CAUGHT Attempts Third Killing
End of Act 3
Act 4
Anxious about the long absence of her father...
"I swear I have nothing to do with the two murders. So help me god."
"It's true that I tried to kill the old woman..."
"...and I thought they would blame the mysterious murderer again..."
"Is my father, Dr. Olsen, here..."
After the funeral...
Night...
Cesare!
"It can't have been Cesare. I've been watching him for hours, asleep in his box."
End of Act 4
Act 5
"Is the prisoner safe in his cell?"
"Let me see him"
Madhouse
"Do you have a patient named Doctor Caligari?"
"You may want to ask the director of the institute directly."
"But... HE is Caligari!"
While Caligari is sleeping in his mansion...
"He's asleep."
SOMNAMBULISM A Collection from Upsala University Published in the year 1726
"His special studies."
The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari In the year 1703, a mystic named Caligari visited the small towns
Of Northern Italy traveling around with his somnambulist named Cesare.
For months he caused great panic in town after town by repeated occurences of murder committed always under the same circumstances.
He ordered his somnambulist, who he had brought completely under his control to carry out his adventurous plans.
To evade any suspicion, Caligari put a puppet which resembled the somnambulist into the wooden box in which the somnambulist used to sleep.
My diary
March 12th At Last... At last...
A somnambulist was admitted to the asylum this morning.
...Afternoon.
Now nothing stands in the way of my long cherished ambition. At last I can put the Caligari theory to the test - -
I now shall soon know if this patient can be compelled to perform deeds he would shrink from in his normal waking state.
Can he be made to commit murder?
Obsessions.
"I must know...
I must understand his secret.
I must become Caligari!"
You must become Caligari
You must become Caligari
You must become Caligari
CALIGARI
CALIGARI
CALIGARI
End of Act 5
Act 6
"The sleeper has been found dead in the ravine."
"Put down your mask - You are DOCTOR CALIGARI!"
"From this day on this raving madman has not left his cell."
"See, there is Cesare. Do not let him prophesize for you, or you will die!"
"Jane, I love you - will you marry me?"
"We who are of royal blood may not follow the wishes of our hearts."
"You all think I am insane. It is not true. It is the director who is insane!"
"He is Caligari! Caligari..."
"At last I recognise his mania. He believes me to be the mythical Caligari. But I think I know how to cure him now."
THE END subtitles by humankebap
Submission
O Allah, as I lie here wounded, my spirit broken
I hear in my head the judge's voice as he pronounces me guilty.
The sentence I've to serve is in your words:
"The woman and the man guilty of adultery or fornication flog each of them with a hundred stripes;
let no compassion move you in their case, in a matter prescribed by Allah, if ye believe in Allah and the Last Day;
and let a party of the believers witness their punishment"
Two years ago, on a sunny day, while on the souk my eyes were caught by those of Rahman, the most handsome man I have ever met.
After that day, I couldn't help but notice his presence whenever I went to the marketplace.
I was thrilled when I learned that his appearance on the bazaar was not a coincidence.
One day he suggested we meet in secret, and I said, 'Yes'.
As the months went by our relationship deepened.
What is more, out of our love a new life started to grow.
Our happiness did not go unnoticed and before long, envious eyes gave way to malicious tongues;
'Let's ignore these people', Rahman and I said to each other, 'and trust in Allah's mercy'.
Naive, young and in love perhaps, but we thought that your holiness was on our side.
Rahman and I shared affection, trust and a deep respect for each other, how could Allah disapprove?
Why would he?
When I was sixteen my father broke the news to me in the kitchen.
"You are going to marry Aziz;
he is from a virtuous family and he will take good care of you".
My wedding day was more of a celebration of my families than of mine.
Once in my marital home my husband approached me,
Ever since then I recoil from his touch,
I am repulsed by his smell, even if he has just had a bath.
Yet, O Allah I obey his command sanctioned by your words
I let him take me each time I push him away he quotes you:
"They ask thee concerning women's courses
Say: they are a hurt and a pollution
So keep away from women in their courses, and do not approach them until they are clean
But when they have purified themselves,
Ye may approach them in any manner, time or place ordained for you by Allah
For Allah loves those who turn to him constantly
And he loves those who keep themselves pure and clean."
O Allah, most high
You say that 'men are the protectors and maintainers of women, because, you have given the one more (strength) than the other'.
I feel, at least once a week the strength of my husband's fist on my face.
O Allah most high
Life with my husband is hard to bear, but I submit my will to you
My husband supports me from his means, therefore I am devoutly obedient, and I guard in my husband's absence what you would have me guard.
But my husband, maintainer and protector, fears disloyalty and ill conduct on my part;
he accuses me of being ungrateful to him;
He always finds a reason to doubt my loyalty to him
And after a series of threats and warnings he starts to beat me.
O Allah, most gracious, most merciful.
Just as you demand of the believing woman I lower my gaze, and guard my modesty.
I never display my beauty and ornaments; not even my face or hands.
I never strike with my feet in order to draw attention to my hidden ornaments, not even at parties.
I never go out of the house unless it is absolutely necessary;
and then only with my father's permission.
When I do go out I draw my veil over my bosom as you wish.
Once in a while I sin.
I fantasize about feeling the wind through my hair or the sun on my skin, perhaps on the beach.
I day-dream about an extended journey through the world, imagining all the places and people's out there.
Of course, I shall never see these places or meet many people because it is so important to guard my modesty in order to please you, O Allah.
So I cheerfully do as you say and cover my body from head to toe except while I am in the house and with family members only.
In general I am happy with my life.
However, things have changed since my father's brother, Hakim is staying with us.
He waits till I am alone at home and comes to my room.
Then he orders me to do things to him, touch him in places most intimate.
Since he is with us I took to the habit of wearing the veil inside in order to deter him.
That doesn't stop him though.
Twice now he unveiled me, ripped my inner garments and raped me.
When I told my mother she said she would take it up with my father.
But my father ordered her - and me - not to question his brother's honour.
I experience pain each time my uncle comes to see me.
I feel caged, like an animal waiting for slaughter.
I am filled with guilt and shame;
and I feel abandoned, yet I am surrounded by family and friends.
Hakim is gone, now that he knows that I am pregnant.
The verdict that killed my faith in love is in your holy book.
Faith in you..., submission to you... feels like... is self betrayal.
O Allah, giver and taker of life.
You admonish all who believe to turn towards you in order to attain bliss.
I have done nothing my whole life but turn to you.
And now that I pray for salvation, under my veil, you remain silent like the grave I long for.
[ Opening Title ] A picture with a smile - and perhaps, a tear.
Charity Hospital for the wretched poor and downtrodden.
The women - whose sin was motherhood.
Alone.
The Man.
His morning promenade.
Awkward ass.
Pardon me, you dropped something.
What's its name?
John.
Five years later...
Put the quarter in the gas meter.
You know what streets we worked today?
All's well...
Job number 13.
Off duty.
The women - now a star of great prominence. Congratulations on your performance last night.
Professor Guido, impresario.
Read what critics say...
Wonderful! Charity - to some a duty, to others a joy.
Enter - his brother.
You wicked boy.
Go lick im.
If your kid beats my brother, then I'm going to beat you.
Remember - if he smites you on one cheek, offer him the other. A successful retreat..
Oh well, I guess he's not in.
This child is ill.
Get a doctor at once.
I must go now, But I'll return.
The country doctor.
Say Ah.
Louder!
Are you the father of this child?
Well - practically.
Explain yourself.
This child needs proper care and attention.
I'll attend to the matter.
September the 1st - Convalescence September the 4th
Ask him where the kid is.?
Ask him if he's got any belongings. Tell him it's none of his business.
Night.
Management not responsible for valuables stolen.
You don't charge for a baby in arms?
$1000 Reward - lost child wanted.
Boy - age 5 last seen with a little man with large flat feet and small mustache.
If he or any other person will bring the child to Police headquarters the above reward will be paid.
No questions asked. H. Grafton Chief of Police. Dawn.
Dreamland.
Shopping.
Off for a spin.
Sin creeps in.
Welcome to our city.
The trouble begins.
Vamp him.
Innocence.
Getting flighty.
Her sweetheart arrives.
Jealousy.
The End.
A chronicle of the Great Death of Wisborg in the year 1838 A.D.
Nosferatu!
Does not this name sound like the very midnight call of Death?
Speak it not aloud, or life's pictures will turn to pale shadows, and nightmares will rise up to feed on your blood.
I have long meditated on the rise and fall of the Great Death in my home town of Wisborg.
Here is the story:
In Wisborg there lived a man called Hutter with his young wife Ellen...
"Why have you destroyed them - the beautiful flowers?"
"Not so hasty, my young friend!
No one escapes his destiny."
There was also a house agent called Knock, a strange man, and the center of much gossip. One thing was sure: he paid his people well.
"Count Orlok - His Grace - from Transylvania - wants to buy a beautiful house - in our little town..."
"You could make a nice bit of money."
"You will have a marvellous jorney - What matter if it costs you a bit of pain - or even a little blood?"
"He wants a handsome deserted house..."
"That house - just opposite yours.
Offer him that!"
"Leave at once, my young friend.
Have a quick journey into the land of phantoms!"
"I may be away for several month, dear Ellen, away in a country of ghosts and robbers."
Thus Hutter gave the grief-stricken woman into the care of his friends, the rich shipbuilder Harding and Ruth, his sister.
"Do not fear."
From relay to relay, through the dust raised by the stages, Hutter hurried on until the peaks of the Carpathian mountains loomed up ahead.
"My dinner - quickly - I must hasten to Count Orlok's castle!"
"You must leave now! The evil spirits become all-powerful after dark!"
The Book of the Vampires
From the seed of Relial came the vampire Nosferatu which liberty and feedeth on the blood of mankind and abideth, unredeemed, in horrible Darkness, on the cursed earth from the graveyards of the Black Death.
Nosferatu, a name that ringeth like the cry of a bird of prey.
"Drive on!
The sun is setting!"
"We will go no further! Not for a fortune!"
"We will go no further!
Here begins the land of the phantoms!"
And when he had crossed the bridge, the phantoms came to meet him.
"You are late, young man.
It is almost midnight. My servants have all retired."
"Blood!
Your precious blood!"
"Shall we stay up together for awhile? It is a long time until sunrise during the day, my friend, I truly sleep the deepest sleep."
As soon as the sun rose Hutter felt himself freed from the shadows of the night.
Do not grieve because your beloved is far away the mosquitoes are reals pests.
I have been stung at the neck by two at once, very close together, one on each side...
One's dreams are heavy in this deserted castle, but do not fear...
With twilight the empty castle came alive again with menacing shadows.
"Your wife has a beautiful neck..."
"I shall take the house - the handsome deserted house opposite yours..."
From the seed of Relial came the vampire Nosferatu which liveth and feedeth on the blood of mankind and abideth, unredeemed, in horrible Darkness, on the cursed earth from the graveyards of the Black Death.
At night said Nosferatu sinketh his fangs into victim and feeds on the blood that constitues his hellish elixir of life.
At the same hour...
"Ellen!"
"Fetch a doctor...a doctor!"
"Thomas!"
"A harmless blood condition!"
The doctor described Ellen's anxietes as if the had been trifles. But I know that in that night her soul had heard the call of death.
Already, Nosferatu was raising his wings.
And Hutter, far away, had heard her cry of warning.
"Ellen! Ellen!"
The raftsmen little suspected what terrible cargo they carried down the valley.
"The peasants brought him into the hospital yesterday. They said he fell from a mountain.
He is still feverish."
"Coffins..."
Nosferatu was on the way, and with him catastrophe approached Wisborg.
Professor Bulwer, who studied the secrets of nature, later told me about it.
The Empusa was chartered and carried his coffins filled with earth.
The ship must set sail this night.
Cargo for Empusa Destination: Wisborg
At the same time, professor Bulwar explained to his pupils the cruelty of carnivorous plants.
Nature's secrets were revealed to horrified eyes.
Is it not...
like a vampire!
Already, Nosferatus's drawing near seemed to affect Knock, the house agent.
"The patient who was brought in yesterday has gone out of his mind!"
"Blood is life!
Blood is life!"
"And this one..."
"...a polyp with tentacles..."
"Transparent - almost without substance..."
"No more than a phantom..."
"Spiders-"
Ellen was often seen alone among the dunes. Longing for her beloved, she searched the waves and the distant horizon.
One's dreams are heavy in this deserted castle, but do not fear...
I am leaving immediately to return to Wisborg - and to you.
"No I have to get away - reach home by the shortest possible way!"
New Plague Baffles Science
"A sailor has fallen ill below deck. He is talking in a fever."
Like an epidemic it spread over the entire ship.
The first sailor who had shown the symptoms was followed by the entire crew into the dark grave of the waters.
In the light of the setting sun the captain and his first mate said farewell to the last of their companions.
"I shall go down!
If I haven't come up again within ten minutes..."
The ship of death had a new captain
It is a difficult to imagine how young Hutter, his energies sadly dectimated, managed to surmoung the difficulties of his homeward journey.
At the same time, driven by the fatal breath of the vampire, the vessel moved rapidly toward the Baltic.
"I must go to him.
He is approaching!"
The Master is coming!
The Master is here!"
I have given much thought to the notion that Nosferatu travelled with coffins filled with earth.
Then I discovered that vampires draw their shadowy power from the cursed ground in which they are buried.
"I have examined everything - there is no living soul on board."
Varna-July 12.
Crew, apart from myself, the captain-one helmsman, one mate, and five sailors. Departing for the Dardanellas.
2nd day: July 13.
One sailor has contracted a fever. Course: SSW.
Direction of wind:
3nd day: July 14.
Mate has begun to hallicunate, says a strange passenger is below deck. Course: SE.
Direction of wind: NE. Volume of wind:3.6
10th day: 22 July.
Passed Gibraltar - Panic on board - Three men dead already - mate out of his mind
"The plague is upon us! Go home! Shut all your windows and doors!"
All citizens are notified that the honourable magistrate of this town prohibits the moving of plague-victims into hospitals to prevent the plague from spreading through the streets.
Hutter had made Ellen promise not to touch the book which had given him such terrifying hallucinations.
Yet she was unable to withstand its strange fascination.
One can recognize that mark of the vampire by the trace of his fangs on the victim's throat.
"Look!
Every night, in front of me..."
Panic seized the people.
Who was sick or dying?
Who would be stricken tomorrow?
"I shall run over there quickly.
I shall get Sievers..."
Wherefore there is no salvation therefrom except that a woman pure in heart were to make the vampire forget the cock's first crowing.
Of her own free will would she have to give him her blood.
The panic-stricken town was looking for a scape-goat. It chose Knock.
"They saw him escape - he strangled his keeper!"
"He strangled him! The vampire!"
"Bulwer!
Fetch Bulwer!"
"Master!
Master!
Beware!"
"The master...is...dead."
"Thomas!"
And the miracle shall be told in truth.
At that very hour the Great Death ceased and the shadow of the empire vanished as if overcome by the victorious rays of the living sun.
The End
PART ONE
THE MEN AND THE MAGGOTS
"Revolution is war.
"Of all the wars known in history
"it is the only lawful, rightful, " just, and truly
"great war...
"In Russia
"this war has been declared and begun."
Lenin, 1905
Sailors Matyushenko and Vakulinchuk.
We, the sailors of "Potemkin", must support our brothers the workers.
We must stand in the front ranks of the revolution!
The men slept heavily after the watch.
Watchful but clumsy.
It is easy to vent one's rage on a recruit.
There's a limit to what a man can take.
Vakulintchuk.
The time has come for us to speak out.
What are we waiting for?
All of Russia has risen.
Are we to be the last to do so?
On the following morning.
We've had enough rotten meat!
It's not fit for pigs!
Ship's doctor Smirnov.
The meat could crawl overboard on its own!
Those are not worms.
They are only maggots.
Wash them out with brine.
Russian POW's in Japan are fed better!
We've had enough rotten meat!
Stop that talk! It's good meat.
Gilyarovsky, a senior officer.
Boiling soup.
The men seethed with rage.
The ship's store.
The men refused to eat the soup.
Give us this day... our daily bread.
PART TWO
DRAMA IN THE HARBOUR
All hands on deck!
Ship's captain Golikov.
All who enjoyed their soup,
step forward!
The pretty officers.
Step back!
I'll string the rest of you up on the yard!
Call the guard!
Matyusshenko instructed the men to meet by the turret.
To the turret!
To the turret!
To the turret!
Shipmates!
It's time.
Most of the men gathered by the turret.
Halt!
Stay where you are!
The men tried to escape through the Admiral's hatch.
Back!
The hatch is not for the likes of you.
I'll shoot you down like dogs!
Cover them with tarpaulin.
Aye-aye, sir!
Cover them!
Attention!
Bring the unruly to reason, O Lord...
At the tarpaulin.
Vakulinchuck decided to act.
Fire!
Brothers!
Who are you shooting at?
The rifles wavered.
Fire!
Fire!
Fire, you swine!
Take your rifles, mates!
Let those blackguards have it!
Give it to them!
Remember the Lord!
Out of my way!
He's gone to feed the fishes!
We've won, mates!
The frenzied officer pursued the wounded Vakulinchuk.
Vakulinchuk is overboard!
Save Vakulinchuk!
He who was the first to call for an uprising fell at the hands of a butcher.
To the shore.
Odessa.
A tent on the new pier
Vakulinchuk's last moorings.
Killed for a plate of soup.
PART THREE
A DEAD MAN CALLS FOR JUSTICE
A mist spread over the sea.
A rumour spread from the pier...
The news reached town with the sunrise.
There's an uprising on the "Potemkin"...
An uprising!
And a dead sailor
is lying on the shore.
We won't forget!
Killed for a plate of soup.
"People of Odessa!
"Here lies Vakulinchuk a sailor, brutally
"murdered by an officer of the battleship "Potemkin".
"Prince of Tauride."
"Death to the opressors!
"We shall take revenge!
The ship's crew.
Eternal glory to those who died for the revolution!
All for one!
And one for all.
Down with the butchers!
Down with tsarism!
Mothers, sisters, brothers!
Let nothing divide us!
Kill the Jews!
Shoulder to shoulder.
The land is ours!
The future is ours!
Delegates from Odessa.
We must deal the enemy a decisive blow.
Together with the workers of Russia
we shall fight and win!
Odessa followed the progress of the uprising...
PART FOUR
THE ODESSA STAIRCASE
Odessa was with the sailors.
Boats streamed to the battleship.
Suddenly...
Let's go and talk them out of it.
Do you hear that?
!
Don't shoot!
My boy is very ill.
The Cossacks.
The ship's guns roared in reply to the massacre.
The target - the Odessa Opera House.
At the enemy stronghold!
THE MEETING WITH THE SQUADRON
Stormy meetings went on all day.
Odessa awaits her liberators!
If you land, the troops will join you.
The flag squadron is moving on us.
The "Potemkin" prepared To meet the squadron.
Night fell, a night fraught with anxiety.
The squadron approached in the dark.
The men were silent.
Squadron sighted!
All hands on deck!
To action stations!
Full steam ahead!
Meet them head on!
Full steam ahead!
The "Potemkin" was escorted By destroyer 267.
The attack began!
The squadron bore down on the battleship.
Signal to them to join us!
Join us!
The enemy is within firing range!
All against one.
One against all.
Will they... open fire?
Brothers!
Hurrah!
A thunderous hurrah rang out.
The "Potemkin" passed through the squadron, the flag of freedom fluttering over her.
THE END
Subtitles by Ankit Bhageria
In the great Gold Rush, Alaska was the hope and dream of men, the ruthless siren of the Far North, beckoning thousands to her icy bosom.
Beckoning thousands to her unknown regions.
Chilkoot Pass was the great barrier to the gold fields.
Over this Pass men faced untold misery and hardship.
Many lost their lives.
Some fell by the wayside, others lost courage and turned back.
But the brave went on.
Far into the icy north, deep into the silent nowhere, came an undaunted lone prospector.
And somewhere in that nowhere was another lone prospector.
With cheerful optimism our little Columbus descended, then stopped, stepped, slipped and slid.
"Now let me see," thought the little fellow.
"Before I know where I am, I must get there."
There in that frozen wilderness a dream came true, and a lone voice shrieked into the solemn sky,
"Eureka!
I've found it, a mountain of gold!"
But the elements laughed, roared and thundered.
In that raging nowhere was a lone cabin, and another lone man, Black Larson, an unmitigated, predatory scoundrel.
Out of the lashing storm came the Little Fellow to find shelter and perhaps a little hospitality.
There he sat, resting his weary bones as the icy wind howled through the knothole.
"Come here," said Larson.
"What are you doing?"
"Eating, obviously."
"Get out."
"Go on!"
"Get out!"
The wind also was giving Big Jim his troubles.
Big Jim was the noble type. He had suffered.
Oh, how he loved to suffer. He suffered about everything.
"Get out," said Black Larson.
"Or I'll fill you both full of lead."
"Now then, the pair of you, get out!"
"Out!"
That kind of noise Jim don't tolerate.
"I'll stay right here, understand?"
"Right here," said Big Jim.
"Yes, sir, he'll stay right here," said the Little Fellow.
"Understand?
We stay right here."
And stay they did, for days and nights.
Two men walked and never talked, hunger gnawed their bones.
"I must have food!" yelled Big Jim.
"I must have food!"
"What are you eating?" said Black Larson.
"Nothing."
"Open your mouth!"
"Liar!
It's that candle."
"That?" said the Little Fellow. "How revolting."
"If I thought you were holding out on me, I'd slit your gizzard!"
"One of us must brave that storm, if we're to get food."
"Come here, the pair of you."
"We'll cut the cards and the low man goes."
"You're the man," said Jim.
"Goodbye, good luck."
"Don't forget to bring home the bacon."
Somewhere in that nowhere, the law was looking for Black Larson.
Desperate with hunger and here it was Thanksgiving Day.
Nevertheless there was something to be thankful for.
"Not quite done yet, give it two more minutes."
"Come on, come on," said Big Jim.
After scouring the country for food, the Little Fellow had to admit he had seen nothing, not even a field mouse.
From the pangs of hunger,
Big Jim was becoming delirious, hysterical.
In fact he was a pain in the neck.
"Food, food!" he thundered.
"I can put another shoe in the pot."
"No, no, anything but that!"
Poor Jim, he couldn't take it.
"What's the matter?" said the Little Fellow.
"I thought you were a chicken."
"Well, build up the fire," said Big Jim.
"What's the matter with you?" said the Little Fellow.
"Come, my pretty bird," said Big Jim.
"Don't be childish."
"Hey, quit it. Don't be foolish, it's me!"
"You!" said Jim.
"I'm sorry.
I must be crazy."
"You're telling me," said the Little Fellow.
"You go inside.
I'll take the gun in case you lose it."
Chicken or no chicken, the Little Fellow looks appetizing to Big Jim.
Meanwhile Black Larson stumbled onto Big Jim's mountain of gold.
Then came the parting of the ways,
Big Jim to his mine, our hero to his fate.
"Goodbye," said the Little Fellow.
"It's been a great pleasure knowing you."
Treachery awaited Big Jim at his mountain of gold.
Big Jim looked deep into the eyes of Black Larson and saw there the soul of a skunk.
Caught in a maelstrom of desperate deeds,
Black Larson swept on to impending doom.
And out of a dream in that frozen waste, a city grew.
And humanity warmed it with living, loving and desiring.
Georgia.
Jack was a ladies' man.
Georgia was quick and impulsive, proud and independent.
In the evening Georgia worked as a dancehall girl.
Jack had lots of appeal for Georgia.
Perhaps that's why she resented him.
Out of the night came the Little Fellow, towards the dancehall, that beacon light of pleasure, that retreat of lost dreams.
"Georgia, why aren't you nice to Jack?"
"I believe he really likes you," said the girl.
"He likes everybody," said Georgia quite audibly.
"I'm bored with this place," she continued.
"I'd give it all up if I could find someone honest and worthwhile."
"Don't worry, I'll find him someday."
Then she turned and looked and looked and looked.
"Kinda fresh, ain't ya?" thought Jack.
"Get down off that high horse."
"Me and you are gonna dance."
"Hey there, pan out a tune."
"Just a moment, I said we're gonna dance."
"I beg your pardon," said Georgia.
To show her utter contempt for Jack, she picked out the most deplorable looking tramp in the dancehall.
"Hey you, come here."
"Yes, you.
Do you want to dance?"
"You see, I'm very particular about whom I dance with."
And there he stood, the dauntless cavalier, guarding... her sanctuary.
"If you wanna make a hit with your lady friend,"
"you should put your hat on straight, like this!"
"Take that you... Ouch!"
"Huh! Very good."
"Didn't know me own strength," said the Little Fellow.
Hank Curtis' cabin was a stone's throw from the dancehall.
Hank was a mining engineer who lived alone and occasionally went on long expeditions into the Far North.
Hank was kind and human, and our hero cold and hungry, and the beans smelled good and the coffee was steaming hot.
So the Little Fellow devised a way of getting breakfast.
Big Jim recovered from the blow he received from Black Larson but lost his memory.
Hank's partner arrives.
Both are ready to leave on a long expedition.
Hank informs his partner that the Little Fellow is to look after the cabin while he's away.
"Goodbye," said Hank. "And don't forget to feed the mule."
Since that night in the dancehall the Little Fellow hadn't seen Georgia, but an incident was to bring them together again.
There she stood, her loveliness lighting the room, filling his soul with the music of romance for which he was so ill-fitted.
As she introduced her friends, his heart began to sing.
As they warmed up by the stove, he excused himself to get firewood.
And in that cabin his secret was revealed, his love for Georgia.
And the girls giggled and laughed, perhaps in order to hide their pity.
For in the world of the dancehall it wasn't wise for the girls to reveal their hearts.
And so they thought they'd have a little fun with him.
There in the gloaming they sat, their faces alight with mischief, but all the while his heart was singing.
And so she fooled and flirted and stroked his hair.
He knew she was fooling, but he was happy.
For she was near him, holding his hand, smiling at him.
"Nice place you have here," said Georgia.
"I hope you will invite us again."
What if she were fooling?
He was enjoying the warmth of her attention.
And the lady was enjoying the warmth of his chair.
And now she was leaving.
The light of her loveliness would be gone.
And he would be left with an emptiness, to return to his bleak, lonely existence.
"Pardon me," said the Little Fellow,
"But, uh..." He was lost for words.
"Would you really like to come again?"
"Of course," said Georgia. "What do you say, girls?"
"We'll come for dinner New Year's Eve," said the ladies.
"Very well," said Georgia.
"We'll come to dinner New Year's Eve."
Of course at that moment Georgia would forget her gloves!
For the next few days the Little Fellow hustled and shoveled in order to buy that New Year's dinner.
The eve of a new year. New hopes and new dreams.
And there was Georgia, caressing him with her smiles and tender glances.
And the girls called for a speech.
But he was too happy to speak.
All that mattered was Georgia was there.
Georgia!
So he muttered and stuttered and finally said,
"I can't make a speech but I'll do a dance."
And a dance he did, with the rolls.
Should auld acquaintance be forgot
And never brought to mind
Should auld acquaintance be forgot
And days of auld lang syne
For auld lang syne My dear
For auld lang...
In the midst of all their revelry the vague memory of a promise crept into Georgia's mind.
"Let's go up and visit the Little Fellow," she said.
"We'll have some fun with him," said Jack.
"We'll send Georgia in first, then give him a scare."
"Oh, forget it," said Jack.
"How about giving me a little attention?"
A day or so later in the Recorder's office,
Big Jim tried to convince the assayers that he had a mountain of gold.
"Where is this place?" they said.
But Big Jim's memory had failed him.
All he knew was that it was near the cabin.
"The cabin, that's it!"
"f I could find my way to the cabin I could find the mine."
"But I can't remember."
"Hey!" said Jack, "Georgia's been looking for you."
The Little Fellow knew otherwise.
How dare that cad mention her name so lightly?
For two pins he'd give him another thrashing.
However being a little underweight he would ignore the insult.
But it was true. Georgia had been looking for him.
Georgia had written him a letter.
And as he went looking for Georgia, so Big Jim went looking for him.
"You, you!" said Big Jim.
"You!
The very man I've been looking for!"
"The cabin, the cabin!
Where is it?"
"Answer me, I say!"
"Can't you speak, man?
Tell me!"
"Where's the cabin?
Where is it?"
"At last I shall find my mountain of gold."
"To your feet man, quick!"
"You're coming with me!"
"Take me to the cabin and I'll make you a millionaire!"
"Georgia!
Just a moment," said the Little Fellow.
"Georgia, you don't have to explain. I understand."
"I love you. I'll take you away from this life."
"I'm going away, and when I return,"
"I shall come back."
Exhausted and footweary, they arrived at the cabin.
"Ah!" said Big Jim, "it won't be long now."
"Bring in the eats and tomorrow we'll start for the mine.
"Here, take a swig of this. It'll put hair on your topcoat."
"My, this is a heavy lamb chop," said the Little fellow.
Then fate - it's always fate - played its little joke, and again the elements laughed, roared and thundered, but through it all our heroes soundly slumbered.
Then came the dawn.
The Little Fellow awoke, blissfully ignorant of what happened the night before, but feeling definitely conscious of "the morning after".
"Oh well, may as well tidy up and get breakfast."
"This is the worst liver attack I've ever had."
"Feel that rocking?"
"It's the stomach."
"It's not the stomach."
"Let's go to the other side."
"We'll see how far it will go over."
"Something must be missing underneath."
"I'll go outside and see what it is."
"Now," said Big Jim, "don't get excited."
"Take it easy, don't move, don't breathe!"
"I said don't breathe, stupid."
"You can be most annoying at times."
"If you'll only be cool, be calm," said Big Jim,
"We have nothing to worry about."
"Now show a little character! Where's your willpower?"
"Now listen, I've got a very good idea."
"Hold your hands like this, then I can get out first."
"You see what I mean?" said Big Jim.
"Your mind is chaotic. You have no psychology."
"You have no control."
And Big Jim discovered his claim!
"Now we shall be rich," said Jim.
"We shall be millionaires!"
And so they were.
Now they were homeward bound and they were leaving the hardship and toil of Alaska to live in the land of milk and honey.
To live, laugh and indulge themselves in the lap of luxury.
They were famous, and sought after by the press.
In their cabin deluxe they were welcomed and waited upon.
The reporter wanted to write the Little Fellow's life story,
"From Rags to Riches", and he graciously consented.
And Big Jim was manicured.
"Not the nails," said he, "the corns."
The reporter thought of a good idea, to have the Little Fellow pose in his mining clothes.
It would make a human story.
Georgia...
There she was in the steerage. Neither knew of the other's presence.
Georgia overheard the officer say there was a stowaway aboard.
"You!" said Georgia.
"I thought I'd never see you again."
And then she mistook him for the stowaway.
The officer was going to put him in irons.
But Georgia pleaded for him and said she would pay his fare.
"Heck!" said the Captain. "That's no stowaway."
"That's Big Jim's partner, the multimillionaire."
Then of course there were apologies.
The Little Fellow gathered himself together.
James, the valet, was told to prepare for an extra guest.
"Pardon me," said the reporter, "but who's the lady?"
"Oh, you don't say! Well, congratulations."
"This will make a great story, and with a happy ending."
And so it was.
A happy ending.
Neither the original negative nor a copy of the original German version exist anymore.
This reconstruction was based on a fragmented nitrate copy with English information captions from the National Film and Television Archive, London.
It was recopied and the German original information captions were inserted according to the surviving censorcard.
The Magician
Dinarsade
Achmed
Pari Banu
Aladdin
The Witch
The African magician was most powerful.
The Caliph's city celebrated the ruler's birthday.
The great Caliph.
"A magic horse, my most magnificent Caliph.
It flies through the air."
Princess Dinarsade, the Caliph's daughter.
Her brother, Prince Achmed.
"I won't sell the horse for all the gold in the world!"
"Then select from among my treasures!"
"May Is elect whatever I like?"
"By the beard of the Prophet!"
End of Act 1
Act 2
The Story of Prince Achmed
"How can the horse be directed towards earth again?"
"The decoration on the head forces it upwards..."
"the lever at the tail pulls it down to earth."
"Is the Prince aware of this?"
Far, far from home, he finally lands on one of the magic islands of Wak-Wak.
Prince Achmed was young and brave and not afraid of any adv enture.
"Who are you, girls?"
"We serve Pari Banu, ruler of the islands of the spirits of Wak-Wak."
"Stay with us, attractive stranger."
On the neighboring island in the Magic Sea the beautiful Pari Banu and her female companions come to bathe every night.
"Give me my feathers!"
"Follow me to my beautiful home country!"
Thus, Pari Banu was kidnapped from the land of the demons.
The horse carried them to far-away China.
"Don't be afraid of me..."
"I shall serve you to my death."
"You don't know the demons of Wak-Wak!"
"They will kill you!"
"Allah's grace will prote ct us if you be come my wife."
Meanwhile, the magician has been looking for his magic horse.
"We will find our way home and you will forget Wak-Wak."
"I will follow you."
"The Prince is sending you this robe..."
"... I am to take you to him!"
End of Act 2
Act 3
Adventures in China
The Emperor of China
The Emperor's Favorite
This is where the magician took Pari Banu to sell her to the emperor.
The emperor liked the beautiful Pari Banu.
"Kill her or make her your wife!"
"Now brave prince, I will get your sister!"
In this mountain there lived the magician's powerful enemy:
The Witch of the Flaming Mountain.
"How dare you come to my magic mountain?"
"The African magician brought me here."
"Stop!
He is my greatest enemy!"
"And you are my friend!"
The Bridegroom
"H elp me s et Pari Banu free!"
"I am not afraid of the demons."
"With these weapons you can defeat the demons."
The Bride
"Down there, Pari Banu is being married."
"We will interrupt the wedding!"
The demons of Wak-Wak are searching for their ruler.
"Take me to Wak-Wak!"
The gate to Wak-Wak will only open
to the one who
Aladdin's magic lamp shall possess.
End of Act 3
Act 4
Aladdin and the magic lamp
"I am Aladdin."
"Where is the magic lamp?"
"You don't have it anymore?"
"Let me explain!"
"I once lived as a poor tailor in the city of the Great Caliph."
"One day a stranger came to visit me."
This is Dinarsade, the Caliph's daughter."
"You shall have her if you are of service to me!"
"He led me to a high mountain range."
The Magic Lamp
"Fetch the lamp!"
"Hand me the lamp!"
"First, let me out!"
"Then die!
The lamp shall be mine even without you!"
"I suffered for a long time in the dark cave until I managed to light the lamp."
"What is your wish, O ruler of the lamp?"
"I shall serve you,
I and all the other genies of the lamp!"
"Take me home!"
"Now I knew how I could win over the beautiful Dinarsade!"
"Overnight, I built a majestic palace for her."
"In the morning, the amazed Caliph visited the magic building."
"She be came my wife."
"The Caliph is my father and Dinarsade is my sister."
"Tell me what happened next!"
"One day everything had disappeared, the palace, the princess, and the lamp."
"I fled from the wrath of the Caliph!"
"I drifted out to sea."
"A terrible storm ensued."
"And then you found me."
"Do you know who did this?"
"The African magician!"
"He was in love with Dinarsade."
"Hurry, Achmed, and free Pari Banu!"
"The demons want to kill her be cause she followed you."
"The magician stole the magic lamp!"
"Only the lamp can open the gates of Wak-Wak for us!"
"Kill the magician and the lamp is yours!"
"Kill him!"
"I shall try!"
"Your enemy is dead!"
End of Act 4
Act 5
The Battle of the Spirits at Wak-Wak
The demons rose up against their unfaithful ruler.
"Prince Achmed is outside the gates!"
"Release Pari Banu!"
"Come, Aladdin, call the genies of the lamp!"
But the black demons were faster.
The attack was too powerful for Aladdin.
"Woe! The lamp!"
Then the witch entered the fray.
Hordes of good spirits streamed out of the magic lamp.
"Look! The palace!"
"Now, go home and be happy in the land of the mortals!"
"Dinarsade must be in the palace!"
Then the towers of the Caliph's city appeared in front of them.
"Aladdin's palace is back!"
Meanwhile, the call for morning prayers was sounded from the minarets.
The End
who the hell is he?
what the... who are you?
#7:
At the Mercy of My Friends
Who could that have been?
Dr. Tanaka?
Doc? what are you doing?
I'm beat and so hungry.
That interview went on for ever. what a waste of time.
I feel your pain, but dealing with stuff like that is just part of the job.
My brain knows that, but my stomach doesn't. I'm starving.
I said I'm starving.
Masuda!
Tony Stark just passed us!
Are you sure?
Yes, that's his car.
where the heck is Stark going at this time of night?
Do you smell what I smell ?
Sure do!
I love that smell !
It's the smell of a big scoop!
Follow that smell !
All set. I'm ready to shoot.
Make sure you catch those Kodak moments.
You bet!
Masuda, are you okay?
Yeah.
what just happened?
-Not sure. Let's just get out of here.
-Yeah.
Mr. Stark!
He's gone!
where could he be?
Nanami.
Look at that.
That's strange!
I've got a bad feeling about this.
I think we should call the cops.
I agree. It 's getting too dangerous.
This is Nanami Ota from the Tokyo Journal I need to report some...
Dr. Tanaka!
Are you okay?
wake up.
Stark?
where are we?
who knows?
From what I see, I'd say we've been kidnapped.
But if so, why's that door open?
No guards either. It doesn't add up.
well, now, I guess that answers the guard question.
So, Doc, any idea where the heck we might be?
Actually, yes.
I'm guessing we're still near Japan on one of those islands that's used as a landfill .
we've got our very own trash island. Not the best vacation spot.
what's going on?
what the hell is this crap?
Couldn't they just have taken my wallet instead? Never heard of a reactor thief.
Are you all right?
well, that depends on your definition of all right.
I'd be dead in a few minutes without my reactor.
Since I'm still alive, I'm guessing they've replaced my Arc Reactor with this pacemaker.
who could 've done this to you?
Not sure. But whoever it is, they obviously want me to stick around a little longer.
Yinsen!
It's been a while, hasn't it, Stark?
I knew it!
You've been alive this whole time.
well, it depends on how you look at it.
The Yinsen you knew is dead.
what does that mean?
The man you see here now is part of the Zodiac.
I don't believe that. You'd never join Zodiac.
You're the one who told me to use my abilities for peace.
what the...
Yes, I was the one who took this from you. Your life is in my hands.
I gave you life once. why not take it back, huh?
That pacemaker I put in you will only last 24 hours before it stops.
I'll give you till then to decide whether or not you want to join the Zodiac.
what?
Please. No one can create amazing weaponry like you can.
The Zodiac needs someone with such a talent.
Anyway, why not go back to what you're really good at, Tony?
Cut the crap!
I'll never go back to being that person again.
Never say never.
well, then, you've got 24 hours to decide.
I should warn you, don't waste your time trying to escape.
wait!
Mr. Stark!
Mr. Stark!
I can't believe it.
why would Yinsen do this?
I remember you telling me about him before.
You said he changed your life.
He did. He didn't just save my life that day, he saved my soul, as well .
The way I live my life now, I owe that all to him.
He saved me.
The world
needs you, Tony.
Use all of your wealth and knowledge to finish what we've started. It is your destiny.
You see, Yinsen hated violence as a means to an end.
So it's inconceivable that he would join the Zodiac. It makes no sense.
It's best not to dwell on that now. we need to figure out a way to escape.
Right. we need to get back to the Station. I have spare reactors there.
Is that...
Yeah, but it's worthless.
No reception, huh?
But we've got more than just your cell phone here.
Look at all this material we can use.
How resourceful Tethering my cell phone to connect to the Internet, huh?
Yeah, we should be able to connect with the outside world now.
The word, "Impossible " only exists in the dictionary for fools .
We've blocked all wireless signals within a 10 km radius of the island.
Call me when you figure out how to fix that.
Hold on!
Tell me, Yinsen!
what exactly happened to you? why?
I don't think you have time for small talk . your time is precious, make the best of it.
Tony Stark.
You're brilliant when it comes to dealing with any type of situation.
But that will get you to see things as they really are.
Uncover the real you and realize that you are destined to create weaponry.
Just as altering genes can change people physically,
I'll tap into the core of your psyche, Stark.
You'll be back to your old self in no time.
All I have to do is show you something that'll trigger the process.
Mr. Stark, you should rest.
Let's keep going. I'm done for either way.
we have to do whatever it takes to get off this island.
Dr. Yinsen, give me an update.
Everything's going fine. I'm reviewing all the data right now.
I'll send my analsis as soon as I'm done.
What about Stark?
Let's just say that he's running out of time.
All we need now is a bottle of champagne for the launch.
well, Doc, we did it!
Let's get the hell out of here.
It's best you lie down.
I feel weak. I'm sorry.
without my reactor, I feel worthless.
well, that just isn't true. Not based on what I've seen.
what do you mean?
In spite of being weakened, you've kept seeking out solutions.
That's very impressive. I really mean it.
Even more so than when you're successful in everything.
Then I should try to get beaten up more often, shouldn't I?
But that can wait.
So what's next?
I saw a yacht hidden in that cove over there.
It's probably Yinsen's. And that's our ticket home.
But what if we get attacked like last time?
Unless we have a weapon...
Yeah, but I wouldn't create a weapon.
why not?
I have to show Yinsen that I'm not the same man he once knew.
Nanami, wake up!
Nanami!
Look at you two!
I'm sorry...
Pull your self together!
we have a guest!
So not just Mr. Stark?
Dr. Tanaka, too?
That's right. Lab 23 has reported that she's missing.
I'd like for you to tell me everything you saw that night.
Of course.
There was an incident reported this morning about radio interference activity coming from a ship.
Right here. And this is the pier where Mr. Stark's car was found.
Now, do you remember which direction the boat you saw was heading?
well ...
Maybe this might help ?
what is that?
I have no idea, but this thing fell on us when we were following Mr. Stark's car.
Great job!
You were ready for those Kodak moments!
You finally earned my respect!
Thanks, Nanami.
where did he...
That's odd.
He's taking too long this time. what's he up to?
Something's wrong.
Scorpio, fire on Stark.
what the hell has he done?
It's a hologram!
Our cover's blown. Keep running!
He's had his chance. End this.
Once you're cornered, the old you will come back to us again.
Are you okay?
Look at your ankle . Can you walk ?
Mr. Stark, there isn't much time before he catches up to us. Go without me.
I'm not leaving you.
The world really needs you!
You have to survive.
So please go!
I can't. I need to fulfill my dream.
Your dream?
Yes, to live in a world at peace.
A world without violence. That's my dream.
I need your help in order to make that world a reality.
You should be safe here.
I'm sorry.
Not nearly as sorry as I am.
Because of me, you're being chased by that giant scorpion.
No, that's not true.
Because of you, I now have a dream.
well, that's a first. I never heard you talk about your self before.
And I'd love to hear more, but...
Damn Mech!
This could work.
Hey, sweet cheeks!
At last!
The real Tony Stark!
That's it!
Kill your enemy!
Immerse your self in blood,
Stark, so you can revert back into the warmonger you once were!
It's about time we start seeing the real Tony Stark!
Go on, obliterate the enemy!
Blast him to hell !
what?
Don't worry. This was all just a test.
That was quite impressive, jamming the signal against us.
You're definitely not the Tony Stark I once knew.
Next time will be different.
Boy, do I owe you one.
No, on the contrary, I owe you one.
I think we're even.
Captain Sakurai!
So it was you?
If you want to thank someone, you should talk to that reporter that's always chasing you.
Nanami?
I can see it. Look!
It 's our rescue ship!
Tell them to turn around.
I think I'd rather spend a little more time with you.
I've never seen such a beautiful sunset.
It seems so pure because there's no one on this contaminated island.
You know, I wish the whole world could see this one sunset.
That would be another dream of yours?
Yeah.
When you have a bad feeling about something, you hope that it won't come true.
I couldn't believe that Tony Stark got kidnapped!
I've got to find out what happened to him exactly .
Dr. Tanaka was with him.
I must get this interview!
Wait. Who's that little girl standing next to him?
Next time on Iron Man: Daughterof the Zodiac.
Next Episode: #8: Daughterof the Zodiac
Oh, my, is she his secret daughter?
This could be a huge scoop!
The Western and Atlantic Flyer speeding into Marrietta, Ga., in the Spring 1861.
There were two loves in his live.
His engine,
And--
"Fort Sumter has been fired upon."
"Then the war is here."
"Yes, dad, and I'm going to be one of the first to enlist."
"Aren't you going to enlist?"
"Your name?"
"Johnnie Gray."
"Occupation?"
"Engineer on the Western and Atlantic Railroad."
"Don't enlist him.
He is more valuable to the South as an engineer."
"We can't use you."
"William Brown."
"Occupation?"
"Bartender."
"If you lose this war don't blame me."
"Did Johnnie enlist?"
"He didn't even get in line."
"He's a disgrace to the South.
"Why didn't you enlist?"
"They wouldn't take me."
"Please don't lie.
I don't want you to speak to me again until you are in uniform.
A year later.
In a Union encampment just North of Chattanooga.
General Thatcher, and his chief spy, Captain Anderson.
"I Know every foot of this railroad from Marietta to Chattanooga, and with ten picked men I cannot fail."
"We will enter the South as civilians coming from the neutral state of Kentucky to join the southern cause."
"At Big Shanty we will steal the train while the passengers and the crew are at dinner, and proceeding North we will burn every bridge, cutting off the supplies of the army now facing you."
"Then the day you steal the train I will have General Parker advance to meet you."
"As soon as I arrive I will let you know how seriously father is wounded."
"Big Shanty.
Twenty minutes for dinner."
"Three men stole my General.
I think they are deserters."
"I'm afraid they have us greatly outnumbered."
The Southern army facing Chattanooga is ordered to retreat."
In the enemy's country, hopelessly lost, helplessly cold and horribly hungry.
"At Nine o'clock tomorrow morning our supply trains will meet and unite with General Parker's army at the Rock River bridge."
"Then the army, backed by our supply trains, will advance for a surprise attack on the rebels left flank."
"Once our trains and troops cross that bridge, nothing on the earth can stop us."
"This girl was in the baggage car when we stole the train, so I thought it best to hold her."
"We had better stay here until daybreak to see where we are."
"It was so brave of you to risk your life, coming into the enemy's country, just to save me."
After a nice, quiet, refreshing night's rest.
"We've got to get back to our lines somehow and warn them of this coming attack."
"I will get that spy before he reaches the Southern lines.
You follow with the supply trains as planned."
"We must pick up more firewood."
The Rock River bridge.
The Northern division nearing the bridge to meet the supply trains.
"That bridge is not burned enough to stop you, and my men will ford the river."
Heroes of the day.
"Is that your uniform?"
"I had to wear it to get through the lines."
"Take it off!"
"Enlist the lieutenant."
"Occupation?"
"Soldier."
Soon after its premiere, the film Metropolis was severely truncated and alterations were made.
From that time onward, more than a quarter of the film was assumed to have been lost.
Then, in 2008, a virtually complete version of the film was discovered in Buenos Aires.
What had been preserved was, however, a heavily damaged copy of the film that had been printed to 16mm film stock, lacking the full frame of the picture's original aspect ratio.
A considerable amount of the film reconstruction was able to be completed and the correct sequence of its editing established by means of this Argentinian material.
Spanish intertitles have been translated into German with the aid of the censor-cards.
In order to display in their correct position on the image the cropped elements taken from the 16mm negative, the missing portion of the frame has been marked by black.
The intertitles appear with their original graphic treatment.
Those titles which appear in a different typeface (like the one used here) have been added to summarise the content of still-missing scenes as far as is necessary to facilitate an adequate understanding of the storyline.
Shorter gaps are indicated by small segments of black leader.
The personages in the film: Joh Fredersen  Alfred Abel Freder, Joh Fredersen's son  Gustav Frhlich
Epigraph:
THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN HEAD AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART!
Shift change.
Deep beneath the earth lay the
City of the Workers.
As deep beneath the earth as the City of the Workers lay, so high above it towered the complex known as the "Sons' Club", with its lecture halls and libraries, its theatres and stadiums.
Fathers, for whom every revolution of a mechanical wheel meant gold, had bestowed upon their sons the wonder of the Eternal Gardens.
Which of you ladies shall today have the honour of entertaining Master Freder, Joh Fredersen's son?
Look!
These are your brothers!
Look  !
These are your brothers!
Who  was that?
But this was what happened to Freder  the son of Joh Fredersen, the master of Metropolis  as he sought out the girl:
To the new Tower of Babel  to my father  !
Why is it, Josaphat, that I learn of this explosion from my son, and not from you  !
Details  !
What were you looking for in the Machine-Halls, Freder?
I wanted to look into the faces of the people whose little children are my brothers, my sisters...
Your magnificent city, Father  and you the brain of this city  and all of us within the light of this city... 
...and where are the people, Father, whose hands built your city  ?
Off where they belong off where they belong...?
And if those in the Depths one day rise against you?
The chief foreman of the Heart-Machine, Grot,  with an important message...
There were two more copies of those damnable plans, Herr Fredersen in the pockets of two men who met with an accident today at the M-Machine...
How is it, Josaphat, that these plans were brought to me by Grot, rather than by you?
Apply to the G-Bank for your remaining wages...
Father, do you know what it means to be dismissed by you? 
It means: To be sent below!  Father  below!
Into the Depths  !
Do you know what it means to be dismissed like that by Joh Fredersen?
Would you like to come with me, Josaphat?
Go home, Josaphat, and wait for me...
I still have a long way to go tonight...
Into the Depths,  to my brothers...
From today on I wish to be kept precisely informed of my son's every move...
Brother the Machine!
ME.
Listen to me...
I want to trade my life with you...
Josaphat. 99th Block. House 7, 7th Floor.
Wait for me  both of you...
Josaphat. 99th Block. House 7, 7th Floor.
In the middle of Metropolis, there stands a strange house that the centuries had overlooked.
The man who dwelled within was Rotwang, the inventor.
Hel
Born to bring me happiness and a benediction to all mankind.
Lost to Joh Fredersen.
Died giving life to Freder, Joh Fredersen's son.
A mind like yours, Rotwang, should be able to forget...
Only one time in life did I forget something: that Hel was a woman  and you a man...
Let the dead lie, Rotwang... She's dead for you as she is for me...
For me she isn't dead, Joh Fredersen  for me she lives  !
Do you think the loss of a hand is too high a price for recreating Hel  ? !
Do you wish to see her  ? !
Now, Joh Fredersen  ? !
Isn't it worth losing a hand to have created the man of the future  the Machine-Man  ?
24 more hours of work  and no man, Joh Fredersen, will be able to differentiate the Machine-Man from a mortal  !
The woman is mine, Joh Fredersen!
Hel's son was yours!
And what brings you my way, Joh Fredersen?
I need your advice  as usual, when all my experts fail me...
Can you decipher for me these plans that for months have been getting discovered in the pockets of my workers?
...at two... once my shift ends!
She has summoned us again...
Father  !
Father  !
Will ten hours never come to an end  ? !
 it's a blueprint of the two-thousand-year-old catacombs deep below the lowest levels of your Metropolis...
I should like to glean what my workers are doing exactly in those catacombs...
Today I shall tell you the legend of THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE TOWER OF BABEL...
The Legend of THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE TOWER OF BABEL
Come! Let us build a tower whose zenith shall reach unto the stars!
And at the tower's zenith we shall write:
Great is the world and its Maker! And great is Man!
...but those who had conceived of the Tower of Babel could not build the Tower of Babel.
The task was too great. So they paid wages to outside hands...
But the hands that built the Tower of Babel knew nothing of the dream of which the head that had conceived it had been fantasising.
The hymns of praise of one man became the curses of others.
The same language was spoken, but these men did not understand one another...
Great is the world and its Maker and great is Man
HEAD and HANDS require a Mediator.
THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN HEAD AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART!
And where is our Mediator, Maria  ?
Wait for him! He will surely come!
We will wait, Maria...! But not for much longer  !
Oh Mediator, have you finally come...
You summoned me  here I am!
Rotwang, give the Machine-Man the likeness of this woman...
I shall sow discord between them and her!
I shall destroy their belief in this woman 
Leave me alone now, Joh Fredersen...
You'll find the way back without me...
Now you shall also lose the last remaining thing you still had from Hel... your son...
Until tomorrow, in the cathedral!
END OF THE PRELUDE
INTERMEZZO
Freder witnesses a monk at the pulpit who preaches:
"Verily, I say unto you: the days of which the Apocalypse speaks draw nigh!"
The monk's hand points to the Bible, in which it is written:
"And I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.
And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, having a golden cup in her hand.
And upon herforehead was a name written, a mystery:
BABYLON THE GREAT, the Mother of Abominations of the Earth.
And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the Saints."
You will annihilate Joh Fredersen  him and his city and his son  !
GLUTTONY
AVARICE
PRIDE
LUST
ENVY
ANGER
SLOTH
Had you come earlier, you wouldn't have frightened me...
I now beg of you: stay away from me and my beloved...!
Where is the one whose clothes you are wearing?
Josaphat. 99th Block. House 7, 7th Floor.
Would you please wake Georgy up?
He must lead me to the Workers' City at once...
No. 11811, get back to the Machine and forget that you ever left it  understood?
I have to have someone who's faithful to me, Josaphat,  otherwise, how shall I attain the end-goal of my path  ?
I must go on, Josaphat,  must now, on my own, seek out the person to whom Georgy was supposed to lead me...
Tonight, Josaphat  tonight when I come back...
Josaphat. 99th Block. House 7, 7th Floor.
So, what price are you demanding for leaving this residence tonight?
You still don't seem to have grasped who sent me here...
CENTRAL BANK OF METROPOLIS
This man doesn't want his son to find you still here tonight!
In three hours' time I shall be calling for you!
Come! It is time to give the Man-Machine your face!
Where is Maria  ? !
She's with your father...
I'm telling you, she is with your father  !
"She is the most perfect and most obedient tool that a man has ever possessed!
Tonight you shall see how she holds up before the eyes of the upper hundred.
You shall see her dance, and if only one single person recognises the machine in her,
I will call myself a bungler who never succeeded at anything!
C. Rotwang"
"C. A. Rotwang requests Herr Joh Fredersen to be his guest this evening."
I want you to go to those in the Depths in order to annihilate the work of your prototype!
"C. A. Rotwang requests Herr Joh Fredersen to be his guest this evening."
Verily, I say unto you: the days of which the Apocalypse speaks draw nigh...!
All Seven Deadly Sins, on her behalf  !
Death overtakes the City  !
END OF THE INTERMEZZO
The Revelation of St. John Avalun Publishing, Hellerau
I escaped from the Thin Man wearing this attire...
But for ten days your father's bloodhound has been making the Workers' City unsafe...
The only thing keeping the workers in check is their expectation for the Mediator promised unto them...
Even stranger things have been happening, Freder...
On that evening when you fell ill once the best of friends...
but night after night in Yoshiwara...
And this woman, at whose feet all sins are heaped is also called Maria...
That same woman that those in the Depths regard as a saint  ? !
Many now go to the City of the Dead, to a woman they have judged to be as true as gold.
The Mediator is not likely to miss that occasion...
Whatever happens tonight:
it is my express order to allow the workers to do as they please...
Joh Fredersen wants to let those in the Depths use force and do wrong so that he can claim the right to use force against them...
When you spoke to your poor brothers, you talked about peace, Maria... today a mouthpiece of Joh Fredersen incites them to rebel against him...
She will destroy their belief in the Mediator!
You know I've always talked about peace...
but your Mediator hasn't come...
You've waited long enough! Your time has come  !
...but I've tricked Joh Fredersen!
Your clone does not obey his will  only mine alone!
Who is the living fodder for the machines for Metropolis  ? !
Who smears the machine-joints with their own marrow  ? !
Who feeds the machines with their own flesh  ? !
Let the machines starve, you fools  ! Finish them off  !
Do them in  these machines  !
You aren't Maria  !
YOU ARE NOT MARIA  !
Maria talks of peace, not murder  ! This is not Maria  !
Joh Fredersen's son  !
Do him in, the dog, in his white silken hide  !
Get your women, your sons, out of the Workers' City!
Let no-one stay behind!
Death to the machines  !
In the attic of his home,
Rotwang displays for Maria his ever-growing intoxication with his triumph over Fredersen:
"  and twice over did I trick Joh Fredersen  !
For I concealed from him that his son wants to be the Mediator of your brothers  and is in love with you  !"
Maria isn't the only one listening to Rotwang.
On the other side of the attic's window, Joh Fredersen was eavesdropping...
Joh Fredersen breaks into Rotwang's attic. He wrestles with his old rival and overtakes him.
Maria is free.
...faithful after all...
Come, Freder! We still have to go through the Workers' City.
Women and men, let no-one miss out on today  !
Death to the machines  !
Not one man  not one woman has stayed behind  !
Leave the machines  !
Let them race to their death  !
To the Heart-Machine  !
DANGER
Open the gates!
You have to open the gates!
If the Heart-Machine perishes, nothing in the Machine-District will be left standing  !
Have you lost your minds  ?
If the Heart-Machine perishes, the entire Workers' City will be laid to waste  !
Where are your fathers, your mothers?
Do you have any idea that your son is amongst the workers? !
Yes  you! You're Maria  !
To the air shafts  quickly! Quickly!
The reservoirs have burst!
The city is drowning  !
We'll take the children to the Sons' Club!
Why are all the lights out?
I need to know  !
Where is my son? !
Tomorrow thousands will ask in fury and desperation:
Joh Fredersen, where is my son  ? !
Where are your children? !
The city is drowned, the shafts are totally flooded  !
Who bade you attack the machines, without which you're finished, you idiots  ? !
It's the witch's fault  !
We'll be looking on as the world goes to the devil  !
Find the witch; this is all her fault  !
Strike her dead  !
Now I'm going to take you home, my Hel  !
The witch  !
the witch  ! There she is  !
there she is  !
Where are our children, you witch, you  ? !
Burn the witch.  To the stake with her!
To the stake with her  !
Hel  !
My Hel  !
Your children... saved  !
Head and hands want to join together, but they don't have the heart to do it...
Oh Mediator, show them the way to one another...
THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN HEAD AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART!
Restoration:
F. W. Murnau Stiftung, Wiesbaden jointly with Deutsche Kinemathek 
Sunrise A Song of Two Humans
This song of the Man and his Wife is of no place and every place:
you might hear it anywhere at any time.
For wherever the sun rises and sets in the city's turmoil or under the open sky on the farm life is much the same:
sometimes bitter, sometimes sweet
Summertime... vacation time
Among the vacationists was a Woman of the City. Several weeks had passed since her coming and still she lingered.
"They used to be like children, carefree... always happy and laughing..."
"They used to be like children, carefree... always happy and laughing..."
"Now he ruins himself for the woman from the city - Money-lenders strip the farm - "
"Now he ruins himself for the woman from the city - Money-lenders strip the farm - and his wife sits alone."
"Tell me!
You are all mine?"
"Sell your farm... come with me to the City."
"...and my wife?"
"Couldn't she get
"Couldn't she get drowned?
"...then overturn the boat... it will look like an accident."
"Leave this behind... come to the City!"
"COME TO THE CITY!"
"...after the boat has capsized, save yourself with these bulrushes."
"The rushes will hold you up.
Scatter them before you reach the shore and tell everyone she drowned by accident."
"We're going for a trip across the water.
I may not be back for quite a while."
"Don't be afraid of me!"
"Don't be afraid of me!"
"God is giving you, in the holy blonds of matrimony, a trust.
She is young... and inexperienced.
Guide her and love her..."
"...keep and protect her from all harm."
"Wilt thou LOVE her?"
"Forgive me!"
"Manicure?"
"You'd look grand with a high polish!"
"Come again!"
"Thank you!
And you must come and see us some time."
"Congratulations! She is the sweetest bride I've seen this year."
"FARMERS!
If you want to sell your home and move to the city--
- We Pay Cash!"
"Hit the hole...
make the little piggy roll!"
"We'll sail home by moonlight... another honeymoon."
"... I couldn't give up hope.
I know the tides... I went around the Point..."
When acclaiming our modern heroes, let's not forget The News Reel Cameraman... the daredevil who defies death to give us pictures of the world's happenings.
And there are other types of photographers.
Take your tintype, Mister?
They make fine ash-trays!
I make them look just like you, Miss.
Do you know who that is?
Maybe it's Lydia Pinkham.
Do you know her?
What are you doin'... giving' me a sleigh-ride?
No charge. It's a present.
I'd like to have you sit for another portrait when you get off.
I wont' be through for three hours.
I'll wait.
I'm a photographer. Could I get a job here?
Get a job here... with that cocktail shaker?
You'll have to buy your own camera before they'll give you a trial here.
Don't close up! I'll be right back!
What are you doing here?
None of your business! I'm waiting to see the boss!
Well, I'm the boss!
Well, make me an offer.
The Grand Central Warehouse is on fire!
You ought to go photograph the fire, too.
They'll buy any good film so photograph anyting that's interesting.
It's your chance to break in!
I'll bust in all right! Watch me!
Where's the fire?
Up there there's a fire down here, the said..
In which house?
No! It's not in a which house. It's in a warehouse!
Now, where is it?
Where's what?
Where's the which house?
I mean, which's the warehouse?
Which warehouse, where?
Within an hour he was photographing everything from soup to nuts.
Mosty the nuts.
Aren't the Yankees playing today?
Sure in St. Louis!
Don't be discouraged.
No one would ever amount to anything if he didn't try.
You must always grind forward, never backward.
I'll make good next time!
Tomorrow's Sunday.
Maybe you'll let me take you for a nice long walk.
I'm sorry, I have a sort of date.
But give me your phone number I may call you.
I'll be waiting.
From the peek of dawn on Sunday morning.
My date's off, and-
I'm sorry if I'm a little late.
This is the young man who is to take Sally walking.
This is my dressing room!
Shut up or it'll be your coffin!
Will you keep out of my undershirt?
Hey! What is this, a suit or a bib?
The Big Sea Lion!
I'll show you some real fancy diving!
Let's get out of here and go walking on the beach.
Help! I've been robbed
Hello, Sally! Come on, I'll drive you home.
But we couldn't have him in here with us.
There's never room for three.
I'm a little damp so I'll go home..
I'm sorry you got so wet.
It was worth it to be near you.
Where do you live and where do you work?
Did you ever find that flame you were looking for?
Oh, she's so beautiful!
I'll try your reflexes to see if you're goofy.
Monday morning.
There'll be nothin' for you! Beat it!
Randall talking.
This Chinese celebration may be interesting.
Send a man down.
Chinatown is celebrating a holiday.
It may be worth taking. Go on down.
I'll make good this time, Sally.
Now, see! You kill-a de monk!
Pay jim for that baboon or I'll run you in!
It's yours. You bought it.
Get it out of the way!
If the Wung Fa Tong stars anything you know what to do!
I took the whole blamed war!
I got some great pictures of that Tong War all right.
Pretty short war!
I guess I forgot to put film in the camera.
Say, how did you get wise to that Tong War?
Miss Sally told me.
Did you give him the tip, young lady?
It's all your fault that this fool has been hanging around here!
Don't leave me because of me.
I'll never bother any of your again.
Tueasday morning. The Westport Yacht Club Regatta
Did you change this film box in Chinatown?
Look out you don't get thrown out when I make this turn.
You're awfully brave to have saved me.
What else could a fellow do?
Wednesday morning.
That little cameraman left this film here.
He said you can have it for nothing.
It's the Tong War!
That's the best camera work I've seen in years!
Get that man here quick!
I'll never be able to thank you enough.
Everybody talking about you!
They're all waiting to give you a great reception!
THE CIRCUS
THE CIRCUS
"So you missed the hoop again."
"Father, I couldn't help it."
"For that you don't eat tonight."
"And you're supposed to be funny!"
"Look at that house; empty!"
Around the Side Shows hungry and broke.
"Here you are, sir."
"Count it."
"Is it all there?"
"Say, gimme that money!"
"How d'you get out of here?"
"Rotten!"
"Get off!"
"Where's the funny man?"
"Bring on the funny man!"
The Funny Man.
Meal-time after the Show.
"Father won't let me."
"Do you want a job?"
"Be here in the morning, and we'll try you out."
Early the next morning.
Hungry.
"Run along home!"
"I live here."
"Excuse me, my cane."
The Tryout.
"Go ahead and be funny."
"That's awful!"
"Put on the William Tell act."
"Now then, watch this and see if you can do it."
"Go ahead and try it."
"Put on the barber-shop act."
"Now I must hit you."
"Now hit me!"
"I can't see."
"Just a moment!"
"We haven't talked terms yet."
"Get out and stay out!"
"Show's starting!"
"Aren't you coming in?"
"You're not leaving?"
"You see, we couldn't come to terms."
"Thank you for the egg."
The Show on.
Trouble with the Property Men.
"How about our back pay?"
"Get to work!"
"We quit!"
"They've quit."
"Get anybody!"
"Do you want a job?"
"Don't touch that button!"
"He's a sensation, but he doesn't know it."
"Keep him on as a property man."
The Circus prospered, but not the property man.
And the girl led the same hard life.
"Keep him busy and don't let him know he's the hit of the show."
A Sick Horse.
"Blow this pill down the horse's neck!"
"The horse blew first --"
"Open the door, quick!"
"I told you the lions were dangerous!"
"Where's that pill?"
"Come here!"
"I've got to see a doctor!"
"It's a shame the way they make you work --" "And you the hit of the show."
"Why of course!"
"All the crowds, all the applause is just for you."
"I knew it!"
"If you strike that girl, I'll quit!"
"And what's more I want what I'm worth --"
"I'll give you fifty dollars a week."
"Sixty!"
"I'll double it!"
"Nothing less than a hundred."
The Next Show.
The success of the Tramp made life easier for the girl and himself.
"Oh, Merna, you must have your fortune told!"
"I see love and marriage with a dark, handsome man who is near you now."
A New Added Attraction, Rex, a tight-rope walker.
"Pardon me."
"Go right ahead."
"I'll give you Five Dollars for it."
"It's happened; I'm in love!"
"He's a tight-rope walker."
"Hurry up, you're on!"
The Act Over.
"What's the matter?" "You hardly got a laugh!"
"This is my friend."
"I don't like tight-rope walkers."
Time brought many changes to the Circus; New Hopes and New Ambitions.
His New Ambition.
"Never mind the rope." "You'd better try and be funny again or you'll go!"
The next performance- and not a smile.
"I've had enough of this;" "You get one more chance."
"Where's Rex?"
"Rex, the tight-rope walker, hasn't shown up."
"Is Rex here?"
"You can do the act, can't you?"
"You'll do it or quit!"
"I'll do it; find his clothes!"
"There's the clothes!"
"You follow her!"
"He'll kill himself."
"That's all right;" "I've got him insured."
"Take your time, there's another act to go on."
"Why, what is the meaning of this?"
"I am taking his place on the rope."
"You'll get killed."
"Oh, no, I have a charmed life."
"I'll give you five dollars if you'll do it."
"Not a word to anybody."
"Please don't do this."
"You've forgotten your tights."
"You're on!"
"You're through!"
That Night.
"I've run away from the circus."
"I'll never go back."
"Can't you take me with you?"
"I've got an idea."
"You stay here."
"Have you seen Merna?"
"She's run away --"
"I can do nothing for her -- --"
"Now, there's one way out."
"She's there now?"
"Take me to her!"
The Next Morning.
The Circus ready to leave.
"So you've come back -
- You -- !"
"You're speaking to my wife!"
"Will you go on with the show?"
"-- -- if you take him."
"The end wagon for you."
"Come in with us."
Hello.
- Nice day' isn't it?
- Yes, isn't it!
It's swell.
It's perfect.
- Just like you.
- Ah' shut up!
You know' it's a lucky thing I didn't go out on my yacht today.
- I wouldn't have met you.
- Have you a yacht?
Have I? A regular floating palace!
You know' I had to put straps on it for people to hang on to...
I have so many friends.
I never heard of straps on a yacht.
Well, ya see, I got the idea... when I was going to work every morning... on the subway to Wall Street.
Are you in Wall Street?
Am I!
Say, I've got 80 acres right in the center of the financial district.
Why, if it was out in California, I'd subdivide it... and I'd buy you the whole world.
You're kidding.
- My name's Jim. What's yours?
- Mary.
- I'll bet it's Mary Smith.
- I'll bet it isn't.
Well, Mary... you found your little lamb.
Now I'm gonna follow you wherever you go.
Gee, we're alone!
And our day is almost over.
Oh, it isn't over.
It's just beginning.
- For I'm going to make you a promise.
- Promise what?
That we'll never be lonesome anymore.
If I had known when I first saw you... that you were only a telephone operator instead of a swell...
I'd have proposed to you right on the spot.
And if I had known that you were just a punch presser...
I... I would have accepted.
Gee, it's funny how lonesome a fella can be... especially with a million people around him.
You know, you just can't be happy in a hotel room... especially when all your friends... have homes and kiddies.
All my life I've wanted a little white house... out in the country, with blue shingles.
I don't like blue shingles.
But you like the white house.
And I'd paint the shingles any color you like.
- Lavender?
- Sure!
Or pink?
Oh, Mary, I'd rather have them blue.
Then they'd be just the color of your eyes.
Of course, you could have them black, or brown, or green, or... any color you like, just so long as you're there.
Mary...
Mary.
Gee, that's a pretty name!
- But Sergeant, I 
- Calm yourself, baby!
I'll get to you in a moment.
Now tell me where you found him.
A jane was hurt down at the roller coaster.
This monkey tried to run over me about it!
- Disturbing the peace, eh, kiddo?
- Oh, listen to me, Sergeant.
That's what I was trying to tell this man:
that it was my girl that was hurt.
I was trying to get to her to help her.
So it was your girl that was hurt, eh?
What is her name?
- Mary, sir.
- Mary what?
I...
I don't know.
You see, we only met today.
- Picked her up, eh?
- Oh, no, sir.
You wouldn't say that if you saw her.
She's not that kind of a girl.
She's a good kid, a sweet kid.
That ain't much of a description.
You're officially charged... with picking up girls and resisting arrest.
- Take him away.
- I wish I could make you realize, sir... that you've got to let me go.
I don't know that girl's name, but I love her.
And if I don't get to her, I'll lose her.
And I'm gonna marry her... if she'll have me.
Dear me!
Isn't that thrilling!
- Do go on!
- Yes, I'll go on... and I'll tell you what I think of you.
You don't know when a man's sincere and when he's not.
What a great policeman you are!
You're so used to dealing with lousy, rotten people... you're rotten yourself!
Run along to your little Mary, sonny.
I hope you find her.
Do you  do you mean it?
Sure I mean it.
Don't mind me. I'm just playful today.
Now run along.
Thanks.
As for you, you big ham, you go jump in the lake!
Hey, you go jump in the lake!
I'll be loving you always
With a love that's true always
When the things you've planned need a helping hand
I will understand always
Always Days may not be fair always
That's when I'll be there always
Not for just an hour
Not for just a day
Not for just a year but always
Lonesome me
Poor little lonesome me
So near and yet so far
From happiness
How I pray
We'll meet again someday
To love and laugh
THE PASSION OF JOAN OF ARC.
In the library of the Chambre des dputs in Paris is one of world history's most remarkable documents:
The record that was written during the trial of Jeanne d'Arc - the trial that led to her conviction and death
the judges' questions and Jeanne's own answers have been meticulously recorded
reading it you will see Jeanne as she really was - not in helmet and armour, but simple and human a young woman who died for her country
and we are witnesses to a poignant drama - a young, faithful woman fighting alone against a band of blind theologians and skilled jurists.
I swear to tell the truth and nothing but the truth
I was christened Jeanne
at home I am called Jeannette.
How old are you?
Nineteen I think.
Can you say Our Father?
Who taught it to you?
My mother.
Say the Our Father.
You claim to be sent by God?
To save France
that is why I was born.
So you believe that God hates the English?
I know not whether God loves or hates the English
but I know for certain that the English will all be driven out of France
except for those who are going to die here.
You have told that Saint Michael appeared before you what did he look like?
Did he have wings?
Did he wear a crown?
What did he wear?
How were you able to tell if it was a man or a woman?
Was he naked?
Do you not believe that God would have clothes for him?
Did he have long hair?
Why should he have had it cut off?
Why do you dress as a man?
If we give you a woman's dress, will you wear it?
When I have accomplished God's will for me,
I shall again wear omen's clothes.
So it is God who has dictated how you dress?
What do you expect from God in return?
The salvation of my soul.
This is blasphemy.
This is a disgrace
for me she is a saint.
Did God make you promises of any kind?
That has nothing to do with your trial.
I think I will let the judges decide that.
Shall we vote on it?
Well, what has God promised you?
Perhaps he has promised that you will be released from your prison?
When?
I know neither the clay
nor the hour.
If she will not willingly confess, we must try to lure the confession out of her.
Get me a letter with the signature of King Charles.
Write a letter by my dictation.
I have great sympathy for you!
Would you recognise your King's signature?
I have a letter from him to you.
I cannot read.
To our clearly beloved Jeanne.
We have gathered a mighty army and are preparing an attack on Rouen.
We send you this priest, who is devoted to us - have confidence in him.
As Jesus is God's son, you claim to be God's daughter?
Will you now say the Our Father?
Did God promise that you would be released soon?
By means of a great victory!
Has God told you that you will go to Heaven?
So you are certain of being saved?
Do you realise that it is dangerous to answer this way?
Since you are so certain of your salvation, you do not need the Church?
Are you already in a state of grace?
Well, answer! Are you in a state of grace?
If I am, may God so keep me
lfl am not, may God bestow His grace upon me!
Monseigneur
please allow me to go to Mass.
Jeanne, you shall be allowed to go to Mass
but on one condition: That you change your clothing.
So those clothes are clearer to you than the Lord's Mass
it is abominable
it is a disgrace to God.
You are no daughter of God
you are one of Satan's gang!
Let them prepare the torture.
She looks just like a daughter of God, doesn't she?
In the torture chamber.
Look at your judges
do you not believe that these learned doctors are wiser than you?
But the wisdom of God is even greater.
Listen Jeanne, we know that your visions did not come from God
but from the Devil.
How do you distinguish a good angel from a bad angel?
It is the Devil to whom you have knelt, not Saint Michael!
Do you not understand that it is Satan who has turned your head
who has deceived you
and betrayed you.
I think she is ready to sign the abjuration!
The Church is opening her arms to you
if you turn away, she will disown you and you will stand alone
alone!
Yes, alone
alone with God!
Even though you torture my soul out of my body,
I shall confess nothing
and if I should confess,
I shall say afterwards that you forced me to do it!
On no account must she die a natural death she has cost me too much for that.
She is very weak.
She has a fever we shall have to bleed her.
But take good care that she does not do away with herself she is capable of anything.
Go and fetch the Sacrament.
Is there anything you wish to say?
I am afraid that I am going to die
and if I should die,
I implore you to have me buried in consecrated ground.
The Church is merciful
she always takes care of the lamb that has strayed.
Jeanne, we only want what is best for you - look, I have sent for the Sacrament.
I am a good Christian.
Do you realise that it is the Body of Christ you are rejecting?
Do you not realise that you offend God by your defiance?
I love and honour God with all my heart.
You claim that I am sent by the Devil
that is not true
it is you who have been sent by the Devil - to torment me
and you
and you
There is nothing more we can do with her give the executioner his orders!
We will make one last attempt to save this lost soul.
It is to you, Jeanne, I am talking
it is to you I say that your King is a heretic!
My King is the noblest of all Christians.
The arrogance of this woman is incredible
never before in France have we witnessed a monster like her
I have never clone anyone any harm.
If you do not sign, you will be burned alive
behold, the executioner is awaiting you.
You have no right to die yet - your King still needs your help.
Sign, Jeanne and save your life!
We have great sympathy for you.
Sign, Jeanne!
In the name of the Lord, Amen
since you have at last renounced the errors of your ways, the Church opens her doors to you
but as you are guilty of such a sin, we condemn you
to perpetual imprisonment- there to eat the bread of sorrow and drink the water of affliction.
You have clone a good day's work - you have saved your life and your soul.
She has only made fools of you.
Long live Jeanne!
Go and fetch the judges!
I have forsaken God I have lied
hurry!
I have been a wicked person
I have denied God to save my life.
But, Jeanne, you have admitted in front of everybody that you were sent by the Devil.
So you still believe that you are sent by the Lord?
That was a fatal answer.
I have confessed only for fear of being burned.
Have you anything else to tell us?
We have come to prepare you for death.
Now already?
What kind of death?
At the stake!
I will go and fetch the Sacrament.
Tell me, how can you still believe that you are sent by God?
His ways are not our ways.
Yes
- I am His child.
And the great victory?
MV martyrdom!
And your release?
Death!
Do you wish to confess?
"Heretic, Relapsed, Apostate, idolatress."
May the Body of our Lord Jesus Christ preserve thy soul
unto life everlasting, Amen.
Jeanne, gather yourself your last moments are near.
Dear, clear Jesus I accept my death willingly
let my suffering be short
will I be with you tonight in Paradise?
Jesus!
You have burned a saint!
The surrounding flames protected Jeanne's soul as it rose towards Heaven -
Jeanne, whose heart has remained the heart of France
Jeanne, whose memory for all time will be honoured by the people of France.
Buster Keaton in Steamboat Bill, Jr.
Muddy Waters.
The new steamer, King.
J.J. King, owner. (Actor :
Tom McGuire)
The old steamer, Stonewall Jackson.
The owner, William Canfield, better known as Steamboat Bill.
(Actor : Ernest Torrence)
Bill's first and last mate. (Actor : Tom Lewis)
WELCOME KING - STEAMBOAT CO.
River Junction Bank. J.J. king President.
Hotel King.
King
"This floating palace should put an end to that 'thing' Steamboat Bill is running."
"Looks like you'll have to look for a new river."
"I'll run on this river if I'm the only passenger on the boat."
"Telegram from your son.... it's been here four days."
William Canfield Sr. Steamboat Stonewall Jackson, River Junction, Mississippi.
Dear dad, It was mother's wish that when I had finished school to pay you a visit.
I think I arrive Saturday 10 A.M. You can't mistake me.
I'll be wearing a white carnation.
Regards, William Canfield Jr.
"It's from my Willie, I haven't seen him since he was a baby."
"Must be a big lad by now."
"I'll bet he's bigger'n me."
To steamboat Stonewall Jackson. Free Bus to the Stonewall Jackson.
King's daughter, home from school. (Actress : Marion Byron)
River Junction (Train Station)
Bus - The King Steamboat co. (New! )
To steamboat Stonewall Jackson.
Free Bus to the Stonewall Jackson. (Old)
"Any of you boys looking for a father?"
River Junction.
Will Canfield Jr. Boston.
"If you say what you're thinking I'll Strangle you!"
Barbershop.
"Take that barnacle off his lip."
"Why, Willie Canfield ...
What are you doing so far from Boston?"
"My father's here."
"So is mine and you'll love him."
"Is that ...
Steamboat Bill, Junior? "
"Fix him up with some working clothes for the boat."
Working clothes for the boat with her help.
"No jury would convict you."
"If I find him on this boat again, I'll personally wring his neck."
"That's what that's for."
"If anybody else is caught on this boat ... my son'll handle him."
"Show him what makes the boat go."
"Keep your hands off him."
"I'm trying to teach you to run it ... not 'wreck' it."
Eight Bells and all is wrong.
... home. I will be waiting in the Salon.
If you really care for me come tonight.
"I'll pick the young man for you .... and it won't be the son of a river tramp."
"I'll pick the young lady for you .... and it won't be a girl with a father like that."
"What do you mean throwing those .... cocoanut shells on the floor? "
"Back to Boston you go."
Morning.
(Train Ticket) Destination From : River Junction To : Boston, Massachusetts
This is to notify that the steamer STONEWALL JACKSON... is unsafe and hereby CONDEMNED until further investigation.
Signed Public Safety Committee.
Out of Town Papers.
"Are you responsible for this? "
"Well, it ought to be condemned, the first good wind would sink it anyhow."
U.S. Post Office.
"This man not only threatened my life but defied the law."
Western Union Telegraph.
Entrance.
"King will see that he don't get out of here for awhile."
(Train Ticket) Southern Railway Co.
Destination From :
River Junction ...
To :
Boston, Massachusetts (Passenger Name) :
Will Canfield Jr.
(Local Newspaper) WEATHER CONDITIONS Unsettled --- wet and cloudy.
"I've brought my poor father bread."
"Throw both him and the bread out."
"Tell him I made it myself."
"I'll just wait around until he is famished."
The Prisoner's Song.
Oh! I wish I had some one to love me Some one to call me their own;
Oh! I wish I had some one to live with 'Cause I'm tired of living alone. ....
"I guess I better go."
"I've changed my mind ... I want the bread."
"No ....
I don't think you do."
"Come, my boy ... I was only foolin'."
"I know what it is .... you're ashamed of my baking."
"You talk to him, Sheriff."
"After all, the old bum is your father."
"That must of happened when the dough fell in the tool chest."
"Don't let him do that to you, Willie, bust him on the jaw."
"What ... this shrimp hit me? "
"If he'd ever hit you on your jaw, he'd break it."
"No, I might hurt you."
"Take him down to the receiving hospital."
Hospital
(Local Newspaper) WEATHER CONDITIONS Storm clouds in the offing.
"The pier is not strong enough to hold the boat against this wind."
The King's Fish Palace.
Cigars and Tobacco.
Public Library.
Stage Door.
The End. Typed Synchronized By :
Well, we finished earlier than Ike and I expected.
- Are you going anywhere?
- No, I don't think so.
So the next time, I changed to another tailor, but found out that he was no better than the first.
I bought some pretty expensive cloth and took it to him and you should've seen the mess he made of it
I told him I wouldn't pay for the thing, but the trouble is, he's got my material.
Well, I left the suit with him and it's been there ever since.
- Good evening Miss White. And how are you?
- I'm all right, thanks.
- I haven't seen you for a long time.
Have you come to take Frank for a walk.
Yes - That's right. - Well, I must push along.
- Good-night.
- Good-night Frank.
- Well dear.
- I've been waiting here half an hour for you.
- Good-night Sean.
- Good-night Frank.
Good-night George.
- Sorry sir. Full up. You'll have more room upstairs.
I think I told you, there's more room upstairs!
Sorry Sir. Full up here. There's more room up...
HEY!
Frank. I've lost one of my gloves. I think I left it at the other table.
- Yes, thanks.
Thought so, there's a hole in two fingers.
Would you like a pair of nail scissors for Christmas?
- Funny, aren't you?
- Oh Miss, Miss!
It's no good being impatient, you'll have to wait your turn.
What's the matter with you today?
Got out of bed the wrong side?
-I don't like waiting about for you.
Oh, don't you? ... Oh, Miss...
Do you expect the entire machinary of Scotland Yard to be held up to please you?
You and your Scotland Yard If it weren't for Edgar Wallace nobody'd ever heard of it.
Funny, aren't you?
Anyway, what's the hurry? We're only going to the pictures, we've got all evening.
- Well, I don't think I want to go to the pictures.
- Oh, and why not?
-I've seen everything worth seeing.
- You haven't seen "Fingerprints". I'd like to see that.
Still it's about Scotland Yard ... might be amusing. They're bound to get all the details wrong.
I don't see why. I did hear they'd got a real criminal to direct it.
- So as to be on the safe side. - Oh, oh Miss!
Oh, blast...
Well, I've ordered.
- I'll go to the pictures with you, if you like.
- uh, changed your mind.
Have you got an ashtray Miss?
I never seem to get an ashtray where I sit.
Frank, Frank. I've changed my mind again.
- About going to the pictures.
- You mean you don't want to go again? - No, not particularly.
- Why not?
- I don't know , I just don't want to.
- Isn't that enough?
- No, it's not enough ... oy, Miss!
- What are you going to do?
- I'm going to get the bill.
I'm about fed up with you. lf you don't want to go, I do.
- Oh all right, I'll come too.
- oy, Miss!
Oh, don't let's have a row. I'm sorry. I know I've been rather beastly today.
- Miss!
- Frank, I've said I'm sorry.
Here, that will cover it.
Hold on. I live here.
Do you?
Then you needn't come any further.
Oh, no now I said that I'd see you home, and I will.
But I'm only just around the corner. Do you know Whites? The newsagent?
- Yes? In the Kings road? Yes.
- That's my father.
No! Yes.
Now isn't that fine?
Then we're neighbors.
- Have you ever seen an artist's studio?
- No, I'd love to.
- Come up and see mine. - Oh, I can't now.
Another time.
- Why not now?
- Why, it's so late.
- Are you frightened?
- No, course not.
Then why not now?
No, really. Thanks awfully. I must be getting home.
- You are frightened.
- I'm certainly not ... take more'n a man to frighten me.
Yes...that's what I thought....at first.
- What is the time?
- Not very late.
- Come on. What's the harm.
Oh, no harm really. Besides, I always think a girl knows instinctively when she can trust a man.
Yes, of course she does. Do you trust me?
- Alice?
May I call you Alice?
- If you like.
Come on.
- Oh Mr. Crewe. Before you go in, could I...?
- Excuse me, miss.
That chap's nothing but a sponger. Always pestering people up and down this street.
Well, here we are.
I'm right up there. Top! Excuse me a minute, will you?
I say, I'm awfully sorry. I won't be a minute. You start walking up.
That's all right.
Oh good evening. Sorry to disturb you. About this note, did he leave any message?
No, he wouldn't leave any message.
-Have you seen him before.
- Yes, the same gent what called here several times.
Thanks very much.
Bit of a climb, wasn't it?
What a lovely room. Did you do it all yourself?
Hardly. I say, do you feel cold?
I think I'll light the fire.
- I say. That's good, isn't it? - Oh that?
Yes, that's a new one, just finished.
- How do you hold this?
- What?
Oh, that.
That's easy. I'll show you.
Oh Lord, not like that. Let me show you.
You take this and hold it like that, you see...
Then you get the brush and hold it there.
You try.
- Like this?
- Yes.
- Oh, look what I've done.
- Ooo, yes
- Draw something Alice.
- Shall I?
- Yes.
Rotten.
Never mind. We'll finish this masterpiece together.
Now you hold the brush. Steady.
There we are.
You are awful.
Wait a minute.
There. Already a pick ahead of me.
I'll go and get those drinks....
Right you are.
I say, how would I do for one of your models?
That's an idea.
- Let's see it on you.
- Do you mean, put it on?
Yes, why not?
- Oh, it's so strong!
Oh no, I don't think so. Besides I have to go home soon.
I see.
Pity. I would have like to have sketched you in it.
- Would you have really?
- Yes, but perhaps you are right.
I bet it would.
- Shall I really try it on?
- All right.
- Think this will be big enough for me.
- What? - I said, do you think this will be big enough for me.
- Yes, I think so.
- Go on, play something.
- Wait a minute, how does that thing go?
I know.
And that's a song about you my dear.
You haven't said how you like it.
Marvellous.
- I can't do it up. -Wait a minute... where is this trouble?
- I can't do it all up. - Never mind.
- How do I look?
- Wait a minute, it isn't quite right.
Put your hands there.
- I better go.
- I say.
I've got it.
- Please give it to me.
- All right, come on out.
There it is.
Don't be silly Alice. Don't be silly.
No, no, let me go!
Let me go!
No, no.... loud scream!
- Mr. Crewe! - Mr. Who? - No!
It's only b... - All right. Don't you worry.
... seven or eleven?
- 31.
- What?
- 31, I said.
- No, no, 31.
- Ah good. Just take a look around, will you?
- Right you are sir.
- Alice, wake up. Anyone'd think you hadn't been asleep all night.
What do you think! ? There's been a murder last night, round the corner.
They tell me the police are round there now.
We'll all be murdered in our beds, soon, I'm sure we will ... 'cause I don't think the police are what they were.
...morning, Alice. 'eard about the murder?
- Yes, I heard.
- Do you remember Frank's telephone number dear?
- No, but here, you'll find it in the book.
- I mean, some murders are so different to others aren't they?
- ... pushed his lady friends under the water when they was having a bath
What was his name... you remember...
I think that was ever so beastly pure gave me the shivers
...after I read about it, I didn't dare 'ave a bath for a month.
... an' for weeks after that I only used to 'ave a rinse down. What was his name?
... you remember, Smith, wasn't it?
What's wrong Alice? You don't look very cheerful this morning.
-You do look a little bit peeky, I must say.
- Dad, Alice, breakfast. Good-morning, Mr. White.
I couldn't look bak'n in the face after what happened last night ... and under our very noses.
Mind you, I don't think, meself, it's all together the police's fault.
What I mean is, they 'ave to wink at some things. I mean it's one thing to buy chocolates out of hours, but it's quite another to stick a knife into a gentleman.
I must say I feel the same way about that too.
A good, clean, honest whack over the 'ead with a brick is one thing.... ...something British about that. But knives? ... No. ...
Now, mind you a knife is a difficult thing to handle.
I mean any knife (mumble, mumble) knife ... (mumble,mumble) ... knife ...
(mumble, mumble) a butcher's knife... - Alice, cut us a bit of bread, will you?
I mean, in Chelsea you mustn't use a ... KNIFE!
- Dear, you ought to be more careful. You might have cut somebody with that.
Customer.....
- No news of the murder yet?
- No, not yet.
- Thank you.
Good-morning.
- Well, I must be going. I can't stand here gossiping all day like some people.
Chatter, chatter, chatter.... give 'em a chance to talk about other people's business, and they'll take it.
- What's the matter Alice?
Had another row with Frank?
- Another customer Alice.
- Good morning, Alice.
- I say, have you 'eard about our murder?
- Yes, they put me on it.
- Did they?
That's good isn't it?
Well, I hope you get him Frank!
- If they do, that will mean promotion, won't it? - D'you reck'n you'll get him soon?
- Well, uh, I... I don't know.
-Well, I came in here to phone. - That's all right.
Come here a minute will you?
- Well I must be going now. Good-bye, Mrs. White, good-bye, Mr. White.
Now you two.
- Sssshhhh..... Be careful...
What happened last night?
Why don't you tell me?
Look ... you know where I found that?
It's the only piece of evidence that you were there. I'm keeping it back at present.
For God's sake, say something!
- If you're not using the phone...uh, may I?
I ... uh... I want to get on to Scotland Yard.
- I say.
- I want the best cigar in the shop.
Certainly sir. Perhaps you'd like to telephone while I get it down?
- No thanks, that can wait.
- What does he mean?
- Very well sir. Now...uh, what sort of a cigar would you like sir?
I' ve got 'enry Clay or Corona, Corona?
- Corona.
- Any news of the murder.
- No, nothing yet.
- Have you heard anything?
- No, no news.
- Are you ... uh ... quite sure?
- What the hell business is it of yours, anyway?
- You know, I looked everywhere for that other glove last night.
But, of course, you detectives are better trained at finding these things.
- Ah, here we are sir.
- Excuse me, will you?
Thank you. ... Oh, they look good.
- They ought to. I've had ' em for years.
Is it ... all right sir?
- Yes, I thought the top was broken, but it's all right.
- Have you a light?
- Yes, here you are.
- How silly of me, hadn't noticed it.
- Uh ... all right sir?
- Oh, ha...of course ... sorry.
Extraordinary actually........
I say......would you pay for this?
Is this gentleman a friend of yours, Frank?
Well, we're not exactly friends. At least ... not yet.
But we're going to do a little business together, aren't we, Frank?
I'll look after the shop, Father. You go and finish your paper.
What for?
Oh....all right my dear, all right.
Rather unfortunate that poor man died around the corner last night.
Look here you....
Perhaps it's rather fortunate, that your little secret only came into the hands of a man like me.
D'you know, there are some men who would make money out of a thing like that.
What a chance for blackmail. Oh, oh that's awful.
I couldn't do a thing like that.
Morning, Miss. Two of each there.
By the way. You're a detective. Let me give you a tip.
Don't wave important clues in telephone boxes. They've got glass doors.
You know ... uh... detectives in glass houses shouldn't wave clues.
Come on, out with it. What do you want?
What do I want?
Oooooh, well ... uh ...
Couldn't we discuss that over breakfast?
Mother this is a friend of Frank's. Mr. ...?
- Tracy.
- Pleased to meet you.
- Mr. Tracy, would you like something to eat?
- Thank-you.
- Lovely weather, we're having.
- Yes, splendid.
- Who did you say that man was?
- He's a very important friend of Frank's.
I'll get the breakfast for him.
- Here! Aren't we rude? Won't you take my chair?
- Oh, thanks.
- Did you see, or hear anything during the night?
- No, sir.
- What time did you go to bed?
- About half past ten, sir.
- Did you write this?
- Yes.
- How old would you say this man was.
- I'm afraid I couldn't tell you, sir, he had his hat on.
- Did you notice anything particular about his clothes?
- Well, ah ... he had a black hat and a loose kind of collar... 'nd a tie ... and that's about all, I think.
- Was he dark or fair?
- Well, you couldn't say he was a blond and you couldn't say he was a brunette. He was a bit of both, you know, kind of mousey.
- Anything else?
- No.
- Except when he spoke to you, he went like this.
- All right. Give me records.
- Well, bring him along.
Let's hear what he's got to say. - Understood?
-Yes, sir.
- Right, get along with it..
- That'll do to go on with.
- How much longer is that man going to stay?
Don't tell me he'll be here to dinner.
- Don't make things awkward mother. It means a lot to to me and Frank.
- Well, I don't see why they should carry on their business in my parlour.
- I'll take it.
- Very well.
- But I don't like that man ... and the sooner he goes the better.
..., you are very clever. I can see that all right.
- Frank?
Just a minute will you?
A pal of yours at the Yard, said he thought you might be here.
- Oh, all right.
Hello?
Yeah. Yes.
Well, I thought you wouldn't mind if ...
What?
Who?
- Any news Frank?
- Alice ...
lock that door.
As you were saying ... rather unfortunate the way that poor man round the corner... uh... died last night.
On the other hand, perhaps it's fortunate.
For us, that is... that a suspicious looking man, with a criminal record, was seen hanging around the place.
- You....
Look here, don't you try and swing this thing on me. That won't get you anywhere.
- Also rather unfortunate, that Scotland Yard, are at present looking for that man.
- I say, Frank!
- Just a minute Alice.
- But there's one thing you seem to have forgotten....
- Oh, and what's that?
- Before we get to any hanging, I shall have quite a lot to say.
And the first thing I shall say is, that she was there too.
- Oh, you will, will you?
Isn't there one thing you seem to have forgotten, that our word's as good as, or perhaps a bit better than that of a jailbird.
So we'll face that when the time comes.
Meanwhile, we'll just sit quietly here until the squad van arrives.
- That surprises you doesn't it?
- No, it doesn't surprise me in the least.
When it comes, the surprise won't be for me.
- Very well then, we are both satisfied.
- Yes, we're both satisfied.
It's my word, against hers.
- Frank, you can't do this.
- Why not?
- Well, because...
- Now, now, don't interfere, Alice, I know what I'm doing.
You don't, you don't.
- Please Frank.
- Oh, for God's sake, be quiet Alice.
- Why can't you let her speak.
- You mind your own business.
In any case, she'll speak at the right moment.
- Look here Frank. Why can't we, both of us, chuck the whole thing now?
I've got nothing against you. You've got nothing against me.
Except, of course, I ... I had some cash from you, but ... I wasn't serious.
Well, look here, have it back now.
Well can't you see, that she wants to chuck it up too? And so do I, you know.
Look here, Miss. You tell him.
Tell him that he's playing with fire ... and ...
And we shall, all of us, burn our fingers.
I'm not bad really ...
I... only, things have gone wrong lately, and one's got to live, you know.
All right then. It's still my word against hers.
[bell rings]
Oy!
You men meet me in the back, Frank, follow me!
I say, it's not me you want..... It's him.....ask him.
Why his own....
Not very often I see you so early in the day as this.
- Called to see Frank? - No.
No, I want to see lnspector Walls, please.
-Then you'll have to fill out one of these forms, you know. - All right.
- Do you know something about this?
- Yes.
George, just a minute.
Take this along to inspector Walls.
Well I suppose you're going to tell him who did it, Miss.
- You can come along now - Here you are, Miss.
- Come in, please.
Won't you sit down?
You've something to tell us about this case.
- Yes.
- Well, what is it?
Well, you see. I know who did it.
Is this worthwhile sir, now that everything has been cleared up?
Let's hear what she's got to say.
What I was going to say is this...
I'd better say, what I have to say now...
I would rather not wait ...
What I wanted to say is ...
- I was the one ...
- One moment please.
Hello. Yes, yes ...
Yes, hold on ...
Will you deal with this young lady,
I shall be busy for a minute.
Yes, sir.
This way Miss, please.
Alice, whatever made you come here?
I did it.
- I know.
- You don't know.
He tried ... oh, I can't tell you.
It's too terrible. I was defending myself.
I didn't know what I was doing and then...
- My dear.
- Ha, ha! So you found him, Miss. Did she tell you who did it.
- Yes.
You'll want to look out, or you'll be losing your job my boy.
I suppose we'll soon have lady detectives up in the Yard, eh.
And I shall be all right on the dole, won't I.
-Thirty thousand.
- From the Russians?
No, from the French.
From the Russians we capture more than that every day.
Mr. Postman.
War is war and schnapps is schnapps, and business must go on.
You didn't leave the mail yet this morning.
Ah, I'm sorry, Mr. Meyer.
Hello, Himmelstoss. Anything for us today?
- No, no, Master Peter.
- Oh, there must be something.
Here, here you go, young lad.
There.
This is the last mail I deliver anyhow.
- What?
- Tomorrow I change uniforms.
- You're going in the army?
- Yes, I was called.
I'm a sergeant in the reserves, you know.
I'll be called myself, if it doesn't end in a few months.
- It will, though.
- I'm sure you're right, Mr. Meyer.
...defending our country, our fatherland.
Now, my beloved class, this is what we must do:
Strike with all our power.
Give every ounce of strength... to win victory before the end of the year.
It is with reluctance that I bring this subject up again.
You are the life of the fatherland, you boys.
You are the iron men of Germany.
You are the gay heroes who will repulse the enemy... when you are called upon to do so.
It is not for me to suggest that any of you... should stand up and offer to defend his country.
But I wonder if such a thing is going through your heads.
I know that in one of the schools, the boys have risen up in the classroom... and enlisted in a mass.
But, of course, if such a thing should happen here, you would not blame me for a feeling of pride.
Perhaps some will say... that you should not be allowed to go yet, that you are too young, that you have homes, mothers, fathers, that you should not be torn away.
Are your fathers so forgetful of their fatherland... that they would let it perish rather than you?
Are your mothers so weak that they cannot send a son... to defend the land which gave them birth?
And after all, is a little experience... such a bad thing for a boy?
Is the honor of wearing a uniform... something from which we should run?
And if our young ladies glory in those who wear it, is that anything to be ashamed of?
I know you have never desired the adulation of heroes.
That has not been part of my teaching.
We have sought to make ourselves worthy, and let a claim come when it would.
But to be foremost in battle... is a virtue not to be despised.
I believe it will be a quick war, that there will be few losses.
But if losses there must be, then let us remember the Latin phrase... which must have come to the lips of many a Roman... when he stood embattled in a foreign land:
"Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori."
"Sweet and fitting it is to die for the fatherland."
Some of you may have ambitions.
I know of one young man who has great promise as a writer, and he has written the first act of a tragedy... which would be a credit to one of the masters.
And he is dreaming, I suppose, of following in the footsteps of Goethe and Schiller, and I hope he will.
But now our country calls.
The fatherland needs leaders.
Personal ambition must be thrown aside... in the one great sacrifice for our country.
Here is a glorious beginning to your lives.
The field of honor calls you.
Why are we here?
You, Kropp, what has kept you back?
You, Mueller, you know how much you are needed?
Ah, I see you look at your leader.
And I, too, look to you, Paul Baumer, and I wonder what you are going to do.
- I'll go.
- I want to go.
- Me too.
- I'm ready.
- I'm not gonna stay home!
Follow me!
Enlist now!
- No more classes!
- No more classes!
- Don't be a quitter!
- Come on, Behn!
Stick together. That's what we've got to do.
- Let's all stick together.
- Come on, Behn.
All right. All right.
- I'll go. - That's the way!
Let's go!
Hey! Let's sing!
Come on!
- Keep in line there, soldiers.
- Anything you say, General.
Detail, halt!
Left face!
Get into uniform, ready to report.
Fall out!
I betcha a place like this gets you in good condition.
You have to be for the long marches.
I'm gonna get in the cavalry and ride.
No cavalry for me.
Infantry's where you see the fighting.
Where are all the guns?
That's what I want to know.
Oh, you don't get a gun for a long while yet.
If I'm gonna bump off the enemy, I gotta have some practice. Ow!
Bayonet drill. That's what I want.
You won a medal that time, Mueller.
You wait.
In about a month I'll be covered with 'em.
Say, keep your boots out of my face!
Why, it's an honor to have those boots in your face.
They're the best pair in the army!
My uncle gave 'em to me.
Just look at that special imported leather.
Put 'em anyplace you like, except in my face.
Not even a kitchen maid'll look at me in this!
Attention!
Well, for the love of -- It's Himmelstoss!
- So it is.
- And all dressed up.
Hello, Himmie.
You didn't think you'd see me again so soon, did you?
- You see my rank?
- Sure.
Fall back, then!
- Himmelstoss, we certainly are glad to see you.
- What did you say?
- I was going to say--
- Never mind!
- What's the matter with you?
- When you address your superior officer, say "sir"!
- Where'd he get such a nice uniform?
- Any mail for us, Himmie?
- Quiet!
- My dear fellow, you're shouting.
Ah, come on, Himmelstoss.
We know ya. Take off the false whiskers.
- I believe you mean it!
- You'll find out that I mean it.
- But only three days ago you were our postman.
- Silence!
Come back here!
Line up!
Line up!
Get in some kind of a line!
All of you!
Line up, I say!
What a pretty sight that is!
Have you never heard of standing in line?
You make a fine mess of it.
Well, I'll have to teach you.
We'll spend the whole day on it, huh?
You may be stupid, but I'm used to that.
And then there'll be plenty of other things too.
Oh, I'll not neglect you.
Hmm. You're not much to begin with, but I'll do my best.
I see that we have come here with a slight misunderstanding, and we'll correct that, too, won't we, huh?
And the first thing to do is to forget everything you ever knew.
Everything you ever learned, forget!
Forget what you've been and what you think you're going to be.
You're going to be soldiers, and that's all!
I'll take the mother's milk out of you!
I'll make you hard-boiled!
I'll make soldiers out of you or kill you!
Now... salute!
Detachment...
lie down!
Head down!
Keep your head down, Baumer!
Detachment... get up!
Now sing!
Do you call that singing?
Detachment, halt!
So... we have no spirit, huh?
We are in no mood for recreation.
Work is what we want. Good!
Then we'll go back to work!
Detachment, lie down!
Keep your head down!
Now sing!
Men... halt!
Order, arms!
Inspection at 3:00. Dismissed!
Oh, that swine!
That means we get no time off.
It will take four hours to get ready for inspection.
- I'd like to know what's in his mind.
- He hasn't got any!
I'm gonna cut him open sometime and find out!
He's too thick-skinned. He won't cut.
This is the fourth time he's made me disappoint that poor girl.
Order, arms!
Left shoulder, arms!
Squad right. To the right, march!
Follow right, march!
Squad, left march!
Forward... march!
Detachment... halt!
Present arms!
Himmelstoss.
Excellent work. They're going up front tomorrow.
- I recommend leave till midnight.
- Very good, sir.
Detachment...
lie down!
Crawl forward!
He spoiled our leave. I'll never forgive him for that.
- The rat!
- Leave till midnight. Hmm!
It'll take till midnight to dry our clothes.
There goes the filthy ape now.
While we slave over this mud, he goes off to have a few drinks!
Someday I'm going to take one smack at him-- just one.
Me too.
That's gonna be my life's work from now on.
Why only one?
I'm gonna take several.
I might even kick him while he's down. I feel mean.
What are you doing?
You're not going to desert, are you?
What?
Listen.
I've got an idea.
Crawl forward!
Lie down!
Lie down!
Crawl forward!
Oh! What?
- Cover!
- Paul, you all right?
Behn!
Behn!
Behn!
Come on!
Behn, come on! You fool!
Behn!
Get up!
Come on.
- Sounds like more replacements coming in.
Yeah.
Tjaden must have gone home for that wood.
There's some more, fresh from the turnip patch.
I suppose this is where we bunk.
That's me, "l.
Westhus,"
and this is where I live.
- I didn't know!
- Well, you know now!
Yes.
Yes, of course.
- It's all right.
- Here's a bunk, Paul.
- When did we eat last?
- Don't remind me.
- I was fine until you spoke.
- Where are we anyway?
I don't know.
The name on the railroad station's been shot off.
There must be something to eat somewhere.
I'll tell you what I'll do.
I'll ask those fellas.
Sorry to disturb you, Mr. Westhus.
Oh. Meet Detering. A better farmer never lived.
- And Mr. Tjaden.
- Sit down.
You see, we haven't eaten since breakfast.
We thought maybe you could tell us what we ought to do about it.
Eat without further delay.
Well, what's funny about that?
This is a bad town to bring an appetite to, soldier.
We've been here since yesterday morning, living on baled hay and razor blades.
We're willing to buy our food. Where's the canteen?
The only canteen in these regions is out looking for supplies.
- Ever hear of Katczinsky?
- Who?
Katczinsky. He's uncanny.
If there's any food within 25 miles, he'll be the one to get it.
Attention!
- What is this?
- Volunteers for the future generals' staff.
Sometime I'm gonna take one of you volunteers apart... and find out what makes you leave school and join the army.
At ease.
This is no parade ground.
- Hungry?
- Yes.
Wait!
Wait a minute!
That's no invitation.
Can you pay?
I have some money.
No, not money. That's just pieces of paper.
Have you got any cigarettes, cigars,
- or soap, cognac--
- Yeah, yeah.
- Chewing tobacco?
- Yeah, yeah.
Are you crazy?
There ain't enough here for us.
I wish you three would get bumped off.
I'm tired of feeding ya for nothing.
- Bring everything you got.
- I'm so hungry--
- I'd be glad to give you--
- Come on!
- Is this enough, sir?
- Kat! - Hmm?
- You've got the wiring detail tonight.
- Where?
- Past the graveyard.
- With this bunch?
It's quiet tonight. You can teach 'em a couple of things.
Thanks.
I'd rather do it alone.
- These babes get killed off too fast.
- Well, the lorry's waiting.
Last night I was too hungry to sleep, and tonight, when I get the wrinkles out of my gut, they think up wiring duty.
Well, here's your chance, heroes.
For the fatherland!
Come on, get your stuff and let's get out of here.
- Is that any way to drive?
- Let him drive any way he wants.
Suppose he breaks your arm. You get sent home, don't you?
A lot better than havin' a hole in your guts.
If there's any of you left, I'll pick you up in the morning.
Well, if that ride you gave us didn't kill us, nothing will.
- And be on time.
I don't want to miss my breakfast.
- Huh? - You better wait for your army, Papa.
Here, here. Don't be so backward.
Listen, children.
All we got to do is to string a little wire.
We pick it up at the dump and carry it to where we need it.
Now, you're gonna see some shell fire, and you're gonna be scared, see?
It's all right, boy. Get up.
Here. Never mind.
It's happened to better men than you, and it's happened to me.
When we come back, I'll get you all some nice clean underwear.
That kind of shell you don't have to pay much attention to.
Those big fellas just make a lot of noise and land about five miles behind the line.
The things we've got to watch out for are the light ones.
They don't give you much warning.
They go "waa-aa-aah zing."
And when you hear that, down!
Mother Earth.
Press yourselves down upon her.
Bury yourselves deep into her.
Just keep your eyes on me.
When you see me flop, you flop, only try to beat me to it.
Shh-shh. Now listen.
I'll show you how it's done.
Give me a couple of those. That's to kill the noise.
Tjaden.
See that?
- What's that mean?
- Bombardment.
My eyes!
I'm blind!
I can't see!
God!
- My eyes!
I can't see!
- I can't see!
- It's Behn!
It's Behn!
- I'll go get him--
- You'll get killed!
- Let me--
- Lay down and stay there!
He's dead.
- He's dead!
- Why did you risk your life bringing' him in?
But it's Behn!
- My friend.
- He's a corpse, no matter who it is.
Now, don't any of you ever do that again.
Put him over there.
- Mind the wire.
- Mind the wire.
- Mind the wire.
- Mind the wire.
- Mind the wire.
- Mind the wire.
All right, come on.
All right, come on. Get your packs and fall in.
Hurry up!
Come on.
Hurry up. Make it snappy.
Get your packs and fall in.
Kat, what are we doing?
What's happening?
You heard him. Orders to march.
- But where to, for the love of --
- Another party.
And this one is gonna last a long time.
Come on.
Here we go.
Company, attention!
Shoulder arms!
March right, march!
- Take your hands off that!
- Queen takes it!
- Well, if you think that's a queen, look again.
Ah, it's a jack.
- Yeah.
- Honest, these cards all look alike.
It's too noisy!
I can't play.
- I suppose your delicate nerves can't stand it.
- Get up!
That's Oscar.
The son of a--
Look at that!
Don't be so snooty. You may wish you had this back.
About two more days of this... and this rat-bitten end of a piece of bread's gonna taste like a hunk of fruitcake.
It wouldn't-
- It wouldn't last two more days, would it?
Didn't I tell you this was gonna be a bad one?
I don't mind the days so much.
It's keeping up all night--
Ah, two more days makes a week, kid.
Then you can say you've been under fire!
You're not scared, are you?
No.
I was just asking. That's all.
- Wanna play some more?
- Do you?
- Sure.
- All right.
My deal.
You better get your boot back before Oscar eats that!
- The kid's all right.
Behn!
Behn.
Yeah, yeah. Let him sleep.
He's dreamin'.
Oh, God. Can't you see it's Behn?
He didn't want to come to war!
No, no.
It isn't Behn.
It isn't Behn!
It's Kemmerick!
It's me!
Shut up, will you?
It's bad enough in here as it is.
Every--
Everything's all right, Franz.
You're dreaming.
You're just dreaming, I guess.
- Attention!
- At ease.
The barrage is gettin' worse.
The men in two more dugouts gone.
However, we'll do our best to get some food up here by evening.
Stop!
Stop!
Let me out!
- What did you do that for?
- Shut up!
Grab him.
- No.
- Now hold him.
You all right now?
I think so.
I couldn't hold out much longer.
- Oh, God, it's Franz!
- Get him over there!
No, he's been hit in the stomach. He can't have anything to drink.
Get a stretcher.
Where'd they get you, Kemmerick?
- Here it is, sir.
- Take his head.
All right.
Take him out.
- Is it serious, sir?
- I'm not sure.
- Tell the others he's all right.
- Yes, sir.
If we're going to fight, why don't we fight?
Why don't we go over?
You could go crazy staying here.
Let's do something!
- Let's go after 'em!
- Sit down!
If that cook of ours had any guts, he'd try to bring something through.
He's so far behind the lines he can't hear the shooting!
- Here's Kat.
Get anything?
- Any luck?
- We'll have to split this up among us.
- Something to eat!
We need butter too.
Yes.
And dessert. And a feather bed to sleep on.
- Rats!
- Rats!
Get out of the way!
What's that?
- Come on!
Grab your rifles!
Come on!
- Here they come.
- Get your grenades here.
Hurry up. Come on, hurry up.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Back to your own lines!
- Fill it up.
- And hurry up.
I've got other things to do.
I've been waiting for this for three weeks.
When they all get here.
What do you want?
Beans, you homely-lookin' son of a frog's leg.
- What do you think I want?
- We're hungry.
Shut up!
I'll feed you when you're all here.
- We're all here now.
- Only half the company's here.
Get the rest.
- Wake 'em up.
I wish I could wake 'em up.
There's 80 of us left.
The rest is in dressing stations or pushing' up daisies.
Eighty?
And I cooked for 150!
All right.
We'll have enough for once. Come on.
Dish out!
You mean you've cooked beans for 150... and you've got bread for 150... and sausage for 150, and tobacco for 150?
Everything!
It's all wrong. I should have been notified.
What a feast!
- Everyone gets two issues.
- Get back in line!
Get back in line!
- Oh, no!
That won't do.
I can't give 80 men what's meant for 150.
Listen.
You drew rations for the 2nd Company, didn't ya?
Yeah.
All right. We're the 2nd Company.
- I've got my orders.
- Kat's right.
- We're the 2nd Company.
And if only half of us get back, that's our good luck.
- Come on.
Dish it out.
- Come on!
- No! - Hey!
You're the yellowest baboon that ever drew a cook wagon, and you're scared-- it shows.
All we want to hear out of you is one more little yip, and we'll cut ya up and eat ya raw.
Why, you keep your kitchen so far back of the lines, we never get anything to eat until it's cold and we're asleep!
Now, you low-down rat, get out...
- or we wreck the joint!
- Come on!
Give us--
- Attention!
At ease.
What's goin' on here?
He's cooked for 150, sir, and he only wants to give us half.
- Looks pretty good.
- Yes, sir.
- Serve the whole issue.
The men can use it.
- Yes, sir.
- And bring me a plate too.
- Yes, sir.
All right.
Take it all. Take everything.
Give 'em honey. Give 'em what they want.
- Fill it up!
- Fill it up!
-Don't mind me. -Oh, that's all right.
Don't mention it.
You know...
I could do with some more beans.
Go help yourself. There's more over there.
- It's too far.
- I wonder, when are we going back to the front?
- Tomorrow.
It's enough to take away a man's appetite.
You know, if they're gonna march us in again tomorrow, we ought to go see how Kemmerick is.
- That's a good idea.
- Let's do that.
- How far is the dressing station?
- About two miles.
- We could take his things to him.
- Good.
It seemed rotten to think of a thing like that happening to him, a nice fellow like Kemmerick.
Ah, the French certainly deserve to be punished for starting this war.
Everybody says it's somebody else.
Well, how do they start a war?
Well, one country offends another.
How could one country offend another?
You mean there's a mountain over in Germany gets mad at a field over in France?
- Well, stupid, one people offends another.
Oh, if that's it, I shouldn't be here at all.
I don't feel offended.
It don't apply to tramps like you.
Good.
Then I can be going home right away.
- Ah, you just try it.
- Yeah. You wanna get shot?
- The kaiser and me--
Me and the kaiser felt just alike about this war.
We didn't either of us want any war, so I'm going home.
- He's there already.
- Somebody must have wanted it.
Maybe it was the English.
No, I don't want to shoot any Englishmen.
I never saw one till I came up here.
And I suppose most of them never saw a German till they came up here.
- No, I'm sure they weren't asked about it.
- No.
Well... it must be doing somebody some good.
- Not me and the kaiser.
- I think maybe the kaiser wanted a war.
You leave us out of this!
I don't see that.
The kaiser's got everything he needs.
Well, he never had a war before.
Every full-grown emperor needs one war to make him famous.
- Why, that's history.
- Yeah, generals too.
They need war.
- And manufacturers.
They get rich.
I think it's more a kind of fever.
Nobody wants it in particular, and then all at once, there it is.
We didn't want it. The English didn't want it.
And here we are fighting.
I'll tell you how it should all be done.
Whenever there's a big war comin' on,
- you should rope off a big field--
- And sell tickets.
Yeah. And--
And on the big day, you should take all the kings and their cabinets and their generals, put them in the center dressed in their underpants, and let 'em fight it out with clubs.
The best country wins.
Well, now that Kat's settled everything, let's go see Kemmerick.
- Something interesting might happen on the way. - Might cheer him up.
Boys, me and the kaiser want you back in time to march tomorrow.
Don't forget.
- We'll be back.
- Give the boy my regards.
There he is.
- Hello, Kemmerick.
- How's it going?
How are things going?
Are they looking after you all right?
How are they treating you?
Franz?
They're robbers here.
Robbers.
They stole my watch!
I always told you, nobody should carry as good a watch as that.
- They took it while I was under ether!
- Franz, you'll get it back.
Do you feel all right?
- Just look at my hand.
- That's because you lost so much blood.
- Just eat decently and you'll get well again.
- Oh, no.
You must eat.
That's the main thing. It looks good too.
I have such a terrible pain in my foot.
Every toe on my right foot hurts.
Well, how can your foot hurt when your leg's been--
I know what you mean!
I know!
I know now!
They cut my leg off.
Why didn't they tell me?
Why-
- Why didn't they tell me?
- Franz!
Franz!
- Now I can't walk anymore!
You must be thankful that you've come off with only that.
I wanted to be a forester once.
You can yet.
They make artificial legs that are wonderful.
And you're through too. You can go home.
Think of that.
We brought your things for you.
See?
Put 'em under the bed.
That's a marvelous pair of boots.
Look at that leather!
What comfort.
I was just thinking.
If you're not going to be using these, Franz, why don't you leave 'em with us?
What good are they to you?
I can use 'em.
My boots give me blister after blister--
Well, we'll be going, Franz.
Oh, don't go.
Stay just a little while longer.
- I'll come right back.
- We'll be coming soon again, Franz.
- I know you'll be feeling better.
- Bye.
- Good-bye, Franz.
You think he'll last till after mess?
- I don't think--
- Done for.
Boys, you go along. I'll see you later.
Good-bye. All right, Paul.
I'm sorry, Paul.
I wouldn't touch a thing of his if he could use it.
I'd go barefoot over barbed wire for him if it'd do him any good.
Only- - Only why should some orderly get those boots?
I understand, Mueller. We're all alike out here.
And good boots are scarce.
Tell the doctor to come, please.
Doctor, the man in the next bed would like to see you, sir.
I've done everything I can for him. There's no helping him.
Poor little fella.
He says next time, Franz.
Do you think I'll ever get well?
Why, of course.
- Do you really think so?
- Sure, once you get over the operation.
I don't think so.
Franz!
Don't talk nonsense. Why, you'll be as good as new.
They fix up worse things than that.
Perhaps you'll go to the convalescent home... in Klosterberg among the villagers.
Then you can look out of the windows, across the fields... to the two trees on the horizon.
The loveliest time of the year now when the corn ripens.
You can go out without asking anyone.
You can even play piano if you want to.
Oh- - Oh, but, Franz, you must try to sleep now.
O God, this is Franz Kemmerick, only 19 years old.
He doesn't want to die.
Please don't let him die.
Paul.
- Paul.
- Franz.
Take my boots home for Mueller.
Oh, no, Franz, no.
And if...
Paul... you find my watch, send it home.
Franz!
Doctor.
Doctor!
Doctor!
Doctor!
Where's the doctor?
Why isn't there a doctor here?
- Doctor, come quick. Franz Kemmerick is dying!
- Which one is that?
- Amputated leg.
- I've amputated a dozen legs today.
- Bed 26, sir.
- You see to it.
I'm due in the operating room.
One operation after another since 5:00 this morning.
Sixteen dead today, and yours is the 17th.
There'll probably be 20 by the morning.
You're lookin' good.
Very good today.
What's your hurry?
Hey!
I'll bet he stole those boots!
- I got it, Kat. - Hmm?
Listen: "The sum of an arithmetic series... is S = A + L x N over 2."
- lnteresting, isn't it?
- What do you wanna learn that stuff for?
One day you'll stop a bullet and it'll all be worthless.
- I get a lot of fun out of it. - Aah!
My boots!
Mueller.
I saw him die.
I didn't know what it was like to die before.
And then-- then I came outside... and it felt-- it felt so good to be alive that I started in to walk fast.
I began to think of the strangest things, like being out in the fields.
Things like that.
You know-- girls.
And it felt as if there were... something electric running from the ground up through me.
And I started. I began to run hard.
I passed soldiers and I heard voices calling to me.
I ran and I ran.
I felt as if I couldn't breathe enough air into me.
And-- And now I'm hungry.
I don't mind the war now.
Be a pleasure to go to the front in boots like these.
It's a good invention just the same.
If you crack each separate louse, think of all the energy you use up.
Watch.
Burned to death.
- How was patrol? Bad?
- Must've been terrible if they had time to gather the harvest.
We passed a cherry tree and when he saw it, he went crazy.
I could hardly drag him away.
It was... beautiful.
I have a big orchard with cherry trees at home.
When they're in full blossom, from the hayloft it looks like one single sheet.
So white.
- Perhaps you can get leave soon.
- You may even be sent back as a farmer.
A woman can't run a farm alone. That's no good, you know?
No matter how hard she works.
Harvest coming on again.
What's the matter with him?
Got a letter yesterday from his wife. He wants to get back to his farm.
We'd all like to get back home.
I wonder what we'd do if it were suddenly peacetime again?
Get drunk and look for women!
I'd go looking for a Cinderella... that could wear this for a garter.
And when I'd found her, nobody'd see me for two weeks.
I'll go back to the peat fields... and those pleasant hours in the beer gardens.
And there's worse things than cobbling too.
Look.
My family.
I oughta give you a kick in the backside for startin' all this.
It's all right for all you to talk. You've got something to go back to:
wives, children, jobs.
But what about us?
What have we got to go back to?
- School?
- Why not?
You know everything already.
A man can't take all that rubbish they teach you seriously... after three years of shells and bombs.
- You can't peel that off easily.
- They never taught us anything really useful, like how to light a cigarette in the wind or make a fire out of wet wood... or bayonet a man in the belly instead of the ribs where it gets jammed.
What can happen to us afterwards?
I'll tell ya. Take our class.
Out of 20, three are officers, nine dead,
Mueller and three others wounded... and one in the madhouse.
We'll all be dead someday, so let's forget it.
Hurry up!
Get in there!
Hurry up!
Himmelstoss!
What's up?
- What are you, crazy?
- It's Himmelstoss!
Himmelstoss?
There is justice in the army!
Well, well. So, we are all here, huh?
-A bit longer than you, Himmie.
-Since when have we become so familiar?
Stand up and click your heels together!
All of you!
- Take a running jump at yourself!
- Who's your friend?
Would somebody get General Ludendorff a nice, comfortable chair?
I command you as your superior officer!
- Do you want to be court-martialed?
There's going to be a big attack tonight and I'd just love to get out of it.
Will you obey my orders?
Kiss my butt!
It isn't customary to ask for salutes here.
But I'll tell you what we'll do.
We're going to attack a town that we tried to take once before.
Many killed and many wounded. It was great fun.
This time you're going with us.
If any of us stops a bullet, before we die... we're going to come to you, click our heels together and ask stiffly,
- "Please, Sergeant Himmelstoss, may we go?"
- You'll--
You'll pay for this, you--
There it is.
Right on time. Better get ready, boys.
I'm wounded!
I'm wounded!
It's just a scratch, you yellow rat!
Up!
Get out with the others!
- Up!
- No!
No!
No!
You yellow rat!
Stinking yellow rat!
Let the others do it, eh?
Get up!
Get up!
- Aa-aah!
- Get up! Forward!
- Get out here!
- Command... was forward.
Command was forward!
Forward!
Forward!
Forward!
Forward!
Forward!
Counterattack.
I want to help you.
I want to help you.
Stop that!
Stop it, stop it.
I can bear the rest of it. I can't listen to that!
Why do you take so long dying?
You're going to die anyway!
Oh, no.
Oh, no. You won't die.
Oh, no.
You won't die. They're only little wounds.
You'll get home. You'll be all right.
You'll get home long before I will.
You know I can't run away. That's why you accuse me.
I tell you, I didn't want to kill you. I tried to keep you alive.
If you jumped in here again, I wouldn't do it.
When you jumped in here you were my enemy, and I was afraid of you.
But you're just a man like me, and I killed you.
Forgive me, comrade.
Say that for me. Say you forgive me.
Oh, no. You're dead.
You're better off than I am. You're through.
They can't do any more to you now.
Oh, God, why did they do this to us?
We only wanted to live, you and I.
Why should they send us out to fight each other?
If we threw away these rifles and these uniforms, you could be my brother just like Kat and Albert.
You'll have to forgive me, comrade. I'll do all I can.
I'll write to your parents.
I'll write to--
I'll write to your wife. I'll write to her.
I promise she'll not want for anything.
I'll help her and your parents too.
Only forgive me. Forgive me!
Forgive me.
Forgive me.
Forgive me.
Terrible thing happened yesterday.
I stabbed a man. With my own hands, stabbed him.
I know how it is. Your first time.
Never mind.
The stretcher-bearers will find him.
- He's dead.
I watched him die.
- You couldn't do anything about it.
We have to kill. We can't help it.
That's what we are here for. Uh- - Look there, for instance.
Hah! That got him.
You should've seen how he leaped in the air.
That fellow had to shoot with us for today with three hits.
If he keeps it up, he'll have a decoration for his buttonhole this evening.
Don't you lose any more sleep over this business.
Maybe it was 'cause I was out there with him so long, huh?
Sure, that's it.
After all, war is war.
March! Forward!
Forward, march!
Quick there!
Forward!
Company... halt!
Dismissed!
Uncommissioned officers, enlisted men, dismiss!
Hooray! Come on!
Let's get outta here!
- Give me your best sausage.
- Two.
Give me a beer.
One, two, three!
Hey, come on.
A beer.
Hey, get out of here!
Come on. Give me a beer.
A beer.
One b--
Here's hoping we get falling-down drunk tonight.
Here's how it started.
I'd forgotten there were girls like that.
There aren't.
Just look at those thin, little shoes.
She couldn't march many miles in those.
Paul!
Don't speak about marching. You're boring the young lady.
A thousand pardons.
- How old do you think she is?
- Oh, about 22.
No, that'd make her older than us.
She's... 17.
A girl like that.
That'd be good, eh, Albert?
We wouldn't have much of a chance with him around.
- We could take a bath, wash our clothes--
- All right.
and I might even go so far as to get deloused.
Wait a minute!
She's a long way from here now.
Look at the date. May, 1917.
- Four months ago.
- That's true.
Well, here's to her anyway.
Here's to 'em all, everywhere.
Albert,
- we might as well wash up anyway.
- All right.
Personally, I like 'em bigger around.
This conversation was on a high moral plane up to now.
Now we do need a bath.
- A bath?
- For what?
Hm. You wouldn't understand.
This water is freezing. This romantic business has gone too far.
- Ahh, but think of her beautiful eyes! - Oh!
Oh, and her hair.
- Here we are!
- We're not gonna miss a thing!
- What are you doing here?
- Bathing!
They tell me there's some people in this world takes a bath every week!
Women!
Mademoiselle, you want to swim?
Aw, no, girls!
Don't go away!
- Please don't go!
- Don't go away!
Food! Food!
Whoo-hoo!
Halt!
You know you're forbidden to cross.
You fellows stay on this side or you'll get yourselves in a lot of trouble.
- What are they jabbering' about?
- They want us to swing over tonight.
They're expecting us.
- That's fine!
- That blonde's crazy about me.
- But there's four of us and only three of them.
- I was the one that stopped 'em!
That blonde piece of work is mine. You three fight for what's left.
Fight's the word. All's fair in love and war.
Huh? What do you mean?
What're you gonna do?
You'll find out. Au revoir!
She means the door.
Not only modest, but dashing!
A perfect fit.
It might've been made for me. An officer's coat.
We're calling distinguished company.
Merci.
Have another little drink, comrade.
Is this your birthday or mine?
Why?
You've been buying me drink after drink for two hours.
What I'm tryin' to figure out is why.
Why?
Why?
Oh.
I-It's just that the boys... told me to amuse you for a little while.
Oh, nice boys.
Yeah!
They-They said you'd understand.
I've been betrayed!
Yeah, you certainly have.
Take that for a minute!
I'll give you more!
It's too loud.
Suzanne. And I wouldn't even know you if I did.
And yet, I'll remember you always.
Oh, if you could only know how different this is from the women we soldiers meet.
You. That's what I'm talking about. Vous.
It seems as though all war and terror and grossness... had fallen away from me... like a miracle.
Like something I never believed.
Frau Paul.
We're going, Paul.
Have a look. Nice, new coffins. Huh!
For us.
I must say, that's a very cheerful preparation for this offensive.
That's very considerate of them.
But I don't see any long enough for our comrade Tjaden.
Mind you, I'm not speaking to you, you traitors.
- But no coffin's gonna get me.
- I should say not, heartbreaker.
You'll be thankful if they slip a waterproof sheet...
- around that Aunt Sally of a carcass of yours.
Oh-Oh, my side!
My side.
Catholic hospital, Albert.
They say you always get good food and good treatment.
- We're lucky.
- After that rainy dressing station... and 24 hours on the train, we deserve to have some luck.
I'm Hamacher.
Yeah, that's my name.
I got a crack in the head and they gave me a certificate stating,
"Josef Hamacher is periodically... not responsible for his actions."
And ever since then, Hamacher has been having a grand time.
I hope you boys are not too badly wounded.
The others die off so quickly we don't have time to get acquainted.
You'll get to know us...
very well.
Thank you. You too.
I'm sorry, my dear. It's time to go now.
Yes, sister.
Watch.
If they take his clothes away, you've seen the last of him.
- See?
They're taking him to the dying room.
- Dying room?
When you're ready to kick the bucket, they get you out of the way so they can use the bed.
In the corner of the building there's a little room... right next to the morgue!
It's so convenient. It saves a lot of trouble.
But suppose he gets well?
I've seen a lot of 'em go in that dying room, but nobody ever comes back.
Sister.
Sister.
Sister.
- Is that you ringing, Paul?
- Yes.
- Is something going on?
- I think I have a hemorrhage.
The bandage is all wet.
I've been ringing forever and nobody comes.
- I think I'm bleeding.
- Sister, get me a sterile dressing and an ice pack.
- Why didn't someone call me?
- He's been ringing.
Nobody can walk, Sister.
- Sister, is it bad? - No.
No, we'll be all right.
We've got it in time.
What's the matter?
What are you doing?
We must rearrange your bandages.
Wh- - Where are you taking me?
To the bandaging ward.
- No, no!
I'm not going!
I'm staying here!
- Paul! Paul!
- Now, now!
- I'm not going to the dying room!
- We're going to the bandaging ward.
- Why are you taking my clothes?
You're lying to me!
But I'll come back.
I won't die!
I'll come back!
I won't die!
I'll come back!
I won't die!
I'm not going to die!
I'll come back!
Sister Libertine, how is he?
Poor boy. They had to amputate his leg.
Paul.
Paul.
Paul.
Oh, he is... gone.
Gone.
Hello. Welcome home, Albert!
- How do you feel, kid?
- All right.
But I've got such an awful pain.
My foot hur --
Hamacher. Did they cut my leg off?
Of course not!
How many did you have?
You still got 'em!
One, two!
Don't play the fool, Hamacher. Tell me truthfully.
Of course not. And you look fine.
Look.
See?
- I won't be a cripple.
- Now, now.
- I won't live like that!
- Be calm.
- I'll kill myself the first chance I get!
- Albert!
- I won't live!
I won't live!
- Yes, you will.
Albert!
Albert!
Albert, I've come back!
I told you I'd come back. Look, everybody!
I've come back!
- Paul!
Paul!
- That's not where I'm going.
I live over there.
Paul, I'm so happy.
Hamacher, I've come back from the dead!
- It's most irregular.
- Albert, get well quickly... so we can go home soon.
- Everything will be all right now.
- Yes, Paul.
Everything will be all right... now.
Oh! Paul!
Paul!
Paul.
- What's the matter, Paul?
- Nothing.
Nothing.
Paul.
Give me your handkerchief.
- Mother?
- Here I am, Paul.
Here I am.
Mother's ill.
- Are you wounded?
- No, Mother.
I got leave.
Here I am cryin' instead of being glad.
Anna, get down the jar of blackberries.
You still like them, don't you?
Yes, Mother.
I haven't had any for a long time.
We might almost have known you were coming.
- I'm making potato cakes.
- Don't let them burn.
Paul... sit down... beside me.
My Paul.
My baby.
I almost forgot, Mother. I've got some little presents for you.
Look, Mother. Bread, sausage and rice.
- Paul, you've been starving yourself. - Hmm-mm.
Hadn't I better go and tell Father Paul's home?
- Paul could watch the things on the stove.
- No, I'm getting up.
Oh, Paul, you're a soldier now, aren't you?
But somehow, I don't seem to know you.
I'll take these off, Mother.
I'll get your suit.
It's in the wardrobe, just where you left it.
Are you really here, Paul?
You won't--
You won't disappear, will you?
No.
I'm here.
Your things are ready for you, Paul.
- I remember when you caught that one.
- Yes.
And you took it away from me, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
We're behind the lines, but we know how to honor the soldier... who goes on in spite of blood and death.
Gentlemen, my son.
I'm glad to know you, young man, I am glad to know you.
How are things out there?
Terrible, eh?
Terrible.
But we must carry on.
After all, you do at least get decent food out there.
Naturally, it's worse here. Naturally.
But the best for our soldiers all the time.
That's our motto.
The best for our soldiers.
But...
- you must give the Frenchies a good licking!
And, if you boys want to come home, ehh,
let me show you what you must do before you can come home.
Give us a hand there, men.
Now, then, there's the line.
Runs so, in a "V".
Here is St. Quentin. You can see for yourself.
You're almost through now. All right?
Shove ahead out there and don't stick to that everlasting French warfare!
Smash through the johnnies!
And then you will have peace.
When you get in it... the war isn't the way it looks back here.
Oh! You don't know anything about it.
Of course, you know about the details, but this relates to the whole!
You can't judge that.
Of course, you do your duty and you risk your life.
But for that, you receive the highest honor.
I said that every man in the war ought to have the lron Cross.
First, the enemy lines must be broken through in Flanders.
- On to Paris!
Push on to Paris!
- Right.
No, not in Flanders.
I'll tell you just where the break should come.
- Here.
- The enemy has too many reserves there.
- I insist upon Flanders!
- Why should they do that... when they're halfway through St. Quentin already?
Because Flanders is a flat country!
- No mountains, no obstructions!
- There's too many rivers there!
From the farms they have gone;
from the schools, from the factories.
They have gone bravely, nobly, ever forward, realizing there is no other duty now but to save the fatherland.
Paul!
How are you, Paul?
Glad to see you, Professor.
You've come at the right moment, Baumer! Just at the right moment.
And as if to prove all I have said, here is one of the first to go.
A lad who sat before me on these very benches... who gave up all to serve in the first year of the war;
one of the iron youth who have made Germany invincible in the field.
Look at him-- sturdy and bronze and clear -eyed.
The kind of soldier every one of you should envy.
Oh, lad, you must speak to them.
You must tell them what it means to serve your fatherland.
- No, I can't tell them anything.
- You must, Paul.
Just a word.
Just tell them how much they're needed out there.
Tell them why you went and what it meant to you.
I can't say anything.
You can remember some deed of heroism, some touch of nobility.
Tell about it.
I can't tell you anything you don't know.
We live in the trenches out there.
We fight.
We try not to be killed; sometimes we are.
That's all.
No.
No, Paul.
I've been there!
I know what it's like.
That's not what one dwells on, Paul.
I heard you in here reciting that same old stuff, making more iron men, more young heroes.
You still think it's beautiful and sweet to die for your country, don't you?
We used to think you knew.
The first bombardment taught us better.
It's dirty and painful to die for your country.
When it comes to dying for your country, it's better not to die at all!
There are millions out there dying for their countries, and what good is it?
You asked me to tell them how much they're needed out there.
He tells you, "Go out and die."
Oh, but if you'll pardon me, it's easier to say "Go out and die" than it is to do it.
- Coward!
- And it's easier to say it than to watch it happen.
No!
No!
Boys, boys!
- I'm sorry, Baumer, but I must say--
- It's no use talking like this.
You won't know what I mean.
Only, it's been a long while since we enlisted out of this classroom.
So long I thought maybe the whole world had learned by this time.
Only now they're sending babies, and they won't last a week!
I shouldn't have come on leave.
Up at the front you're alive or you're dead, and that's all!
You can't fool anybody about that very long.
Up there we know we're lost and done for whether we're dead or alive.
Three years we've had of it-- four years.
Every day a year and every night a century.
Our bodies are earth and our thoughts are clay, and we sleep and eat with death.
We're done for because you can't live that way and keep anything inside you!
I shouldn't have come on leave. I'll go back tomorrow.
I've got four days more, but I can't stand it here!
I'll go back tomorrow!
Sorry.
Mother, you'll catch cold here. You must go to sleep.
There'll be plenty of time to sleep... when you're gone.
Must you go tomorrow, Paul?
Must you?
Yes, Mother. Orders were changed.
Are you very much afraid, Paul?
No, Mother.
There's something I want to say to you, Paul.
It's--
Just be on your guard against the women out there.
They're no good.
Where we are, there aren't any women, Mother.
Be very careful at the front, Paul.
Yes, Mother, I will.
I'll pray for you every day.
And if you could, get a job that's not quite so dangerous.
Yes, Mother. I'll try and get in the cookhouse.
- That can easily be done.
- You do it then, and if the others say anything--
That won't worry me, Mother.
Now, you must go to bed and you must get well quickly before I come back.
I put two sets of underwear -- new ones-- in your pack.
They'll keep you nice and warm.
They're all wool.
That's sweet of you.
Good night...
my son.
Good night, Mother.
Oh, Mother, Mother.
You still think I'm a child.
Why can't I put my head in your lap and cry?
- Is this the 2nd Company?
- Yes, sir.
- Is this all of it?
- Yes, sir.
We had 150 men, but this is all that came back yesterday.
But now they're going to give us enough to make 150 again.
How old are you?
No use. I couldn't find anything.
- We'll have to eat the sawdust.
Not me!
I'll go hungry first. It makes me sick.
Now it's gonna be a real war again.
Paul!
How's old Paul?
Here I am.
You know, the 2nd Company's getting hard to find. Nobody seemed to know where you were.
I'm glad you found it.
I guess I don't get much of this.
There used to be some food in the sawdust. Now it's all sawdust.
No joke, either. Eats ya up inside.
This doesn't look much like the old 2nd Company.
The replacements are all like that. Not even old enough to carry a pack.
All they know how to do is die.
I guess... some of the old-timers are here yet.
Paul, they're tryin' to invent somethin' to kill me right now.
Where's Westhus?
Messenger dog was wounded. He went out to get it.
- Is it true about the armistice?
- Doesn't look that way back there.
- You mean they want us to go on fighting?
- That's what they say.
They're crazy!
Germany'll be empty pretty soon.
Where is-- Where is Detering?
He got homesick.
You remember about the cherry blossoms?
I guess he never got over that.
He started out one night to go home and help his wife with the farm.
They got him behind the lines, and we never heard of him since.
He was just homesick, but probably they couldn't see it that way.
Where's Kat?
Is he--
Not Kat!
If he were out, the war would be over.
You remember what he always says:
They're savin' him for the last.
- Where is he?
- He's out lookin' for food, something to make soup with.
-Which way?
-Down the road about two miles that way.
I'll see you later.
Kat!
Paul!
Hello, Paul.
- How's the side?
- Oh, it's all right now.
It's fine.
- Have any luck?
- No, the general's staff's been over this country with a rake.
Let's sit down there.
Tell me, Paul...
how was it at home?
Have a good leave?
- In spots.
- What's the matter?
Ohh... I'm no good for back there anymore, Kat.
None of us are. We've been in this too long.
The young men thought I was a coward because I told them that... we learn that death is stronger than duty to one's country.
The old men said, "Go on.
Push on to Paris."
My father even wanted me to wear my uniform around him.
It's not home back there anymore.
All I could think of was, "I'd like to get back and see Kat again."
You're all I've got left, Kat.
I'm not much to have left.
I missed you, Paul.
At least we know what it's all about out here.
There're no lies here.
Push on to Paris?
You ought to see what they've got on the other side.
They eat white bread over there.
They've got dozens of airplanes to our one, and tanks that'll go over anything.
What've we got left?
Guns so worn they drop shells on our own men.
No food, no ammunition, no officers.
Push on to Paris!
So that's the way they talk back there.
I guess we'd better be going.
How I lied to my poor mother.
I told her it wasn't so bad out here because there was always a lot of us together.
Now that I'm with you, I'm beginning to believe that I told her the truth.
Down!
That's another one that missed us. Come on. Let's go.
Wait a minute.
Looks like the old bread wagon's broke down.
- I guess I don't walk the rest of the way.
- Did that get ya, Kat?
Aah, I think it broke my shin.
That's not so bad. Hold it together.
- Just my luck, huh?
- Good luck.
That means the war is over.
Oh, no, sir!
This war don't end till they really get me.
- Aah. - Easy, now.
- Hey! - Easy!
Easy!
Come on.
I'll take you in. Give me your hand.
Easy.
All right.
Well, kid...
now we're gonna be separated.
Maybe we can do something together later on when the war is over.
- Yes, kid.
- You give me your address, I'll give you mine.
You can't get both of us in one day.
Ah, we'll surely see each other again, Kat.
Remember that day when you brought the whole pig into the factory?
And that day in the woods when you taught us how to dodge shells?
And my first bombardment. How I cried.
I was a young recruit then.
Here we are. Here we are.
All right now, Kat.
You could've spared yourself the trouble. He's dead.
Oh, no.
He's just fainted. He was hit in the shin.
He's dead.
Would you like to take his pay book?
- You're not related, are you?
- No, we're not related.
Your deal. Get his name and number?
Yeah, Corporal Stanislaus Katczinsky, 306.
You must get this amount or it will be serious.Your Father
"First call for lunch in the dining car"!
Your handkerchiefs are under your shirts.
Use a clean one every day.
Don't stay out late at night
Don't take up with strangers. Remember we are depending on you to do your best.
Was that the first call for luncheon?
Guess so.
It's the first one I've heard, ma'am.
Maybe I made a mistake sending' Lem to Chicago...alone.
I raise wheat to sell, not to play with!
Every grain counts!
Give us this day our daily bread....
Get to work, Kate... that fan's for the files!
If the files are as hot as I am, they need it!
Can you beat it ?
He's praying !
Betcha two bits he's gonna take a chance on the hash !
I'd like some corned beef hash and coffee, please.
You win!
Gee! I'm sorry!
It was my fault...for putting 'em there.
Minnesota, eh?
Swede ?
No.. pa is Scotch Ma is Canadian and I'm plain American.
Lonesome in the big city, aint it ?
What you doin' here?
I'm down here to sell our wheat crop.
Well, old wheat king, how about some bread pudding for desert?
I always do that at home.
It makesMa's work easier.
Living on a farm must be wonderful!
I'm certainly glad to have met you!
I'm glad too.
CROP ESTIMATE PUTS CORN PRICE UP, WHEAT DOWN.
No letter from Lem yet.
I'm worried, Mother.
Lem's doin' what's right...
You keep forgettin' our boy's a grown man now.
maybe you're right, but I can't help thinkin' of him as a little shaver.
Just the same, if he don't sell right, I'll never be able to make both ends meet!
Hey! How does he rate a private breeze?
How old is this fish anyway ?
Don't ask me Mister!
Look in his mouth!
Figurin' how much it'll cost to take her out tonight, Buddy?
I sold the wheat today...
I hope Pop won't be mad.
He sent you to sell it, didn't he?
But i didn't get his price.
It was droppin' so fast I was afraid to hold out any longer.
I'd rather be deaf than blind, wouldn't you ?
I can see you'd be nice company.
What do you do with your evenings?
You'll never know!
You shouldn't 'a done that!
Fighting over me!
I'd fight anybody who tried to lay a hand on you!
I'm going home....
on the one o'clock train.
Cut short the side order, Kate...
the boss is givin' you the eagle eye!
There's something I wanted to ask..
I wanted to ask...
If you...
If you...
like like..
like living in the city?
Guess one place is good as another.
It's all a wash-out, If you ask me!
Well s'long Kid! Give my love to the cows and the chickens!
I think... I'll wait a minute.
YOUR WEIGHT and YOUR FORTUNE.
If you marry the one you are thinking of all will be well.
I left something behind...
got to get it.
If we get married right away we can be home by morning.
Just married a sweet girl waitress in big resyaurant
Know you will love her. Bringing her home tomorrow.
Your Son
Good girls ain't that free and easy about getting married.
The boy's been roped in!
Oh, Lem, it's wonderful to have a home and a mother and father...
And a man of my own a real two-fisted guy...
Ma ...this is Kate!
This is the prettiest bridal bouquet I ever saw!
You're Marie, ain't you?
If I catch you playin' with wheat again, I'll whip you!
Father... here's Kate.
How much did you get for the wheat?
Didn't I tell you not to sell under $1.15?
If you'd been tending' to my business 'stead of your own, you'd 'a waited.
Change your clothes and get to work!
The harvesters are comin' in the mornin'!
Don't mind Father....
he's upset.
And he never can bear to be crossed.
I want to talk to you!
I'd like to know what you expected to get out of marrying' Lem.
What any other wife expects.
I married Lem because I...
..I love him..
Women like you love for what they can get out of it But you'll get nothing from me!
You certainly smeared it that time! Now I'll never give Lem up! ...
I am going to make a man of Lem Tustine in spite of you!
.. And if you think he'll let me go away without him guess again!
My son does what I say and so will you!
Your... father... hit me!
Kate...
I can't strike my own father!
And this is our honeymoon!
I got some surprise for you!
Lem's went an' married a city girl!
Good looker?
The old man's like a mad bull...
tryin' to bust it up An' last night, she slept in the bedroom alone 'an he slept in the loft!
I'm gonna have first look!
Maybe I'll help the old man bust it up! .
Well, Pa-in-law, where's the blushing' bride?
Get busy!
Do somethin' to earn your keep!
How do you like bein' here?
Bein' here's all right...
I don't think much of the company.
Don't waste any more time...
we got to get started.
Aw, she don't weigh no 187 pounds!
I don't want anything to eat.
Looks like you've popped into a hornrt's nest.
You said it!
There's your chance, Mac... to check up on that weighing' machine!
Kate... we can't go on like this...
I didn't think anybody could ever come between us......
Kate, Let's forget this quarrel and be happy.
I love you... you're my wife.
If you marry the one you are thinking of all will be well.
This aint the bridal suite.
You mind your own business!
that goes for all of you!
And if anyone wants an argument, I got two good ones!
Hailstorm Sweeps Canada
There's a hailstorm comin'!
We'll have to work all night to save the crop!
Divide the men in two shifts, Mac... double pay for overtime! ...double pay for overtime!
HAILSTORM SWEEPS CENTRAL CANAD WHEAT CROP RUINED
I cut my hand on the machine.
Say, are you crazy?
A girl like you buryin' yourself in a dump like this!
What's the matter with you hicks?
Don't people ever fall in love out here?
You didn't look exactly lovin' when you ran out of that room tonight.
Why don't you chuck all this... come away with me when we finish the harvesting'...
I'll treat you right...
and that's more than old Tustine will ever let Lem do!
I always knew you wasn't a good woman!
I'm goin' to find Lem now...and tell him what kind of wife he's got
What's the use of talkin' to that old devil?
I know how to get even with him...
The storm'll be here in no time...
I used to think the country was clean, that men out here were decent...
But you're all alike...cheap sports!
You all talk big when you want something!
If that's the way you feel about it, I'll give you somethin' more'n talk!
I don't want anything from you! I can fight for myself!
You agreed to work all night!
We've changed our minds.
We're quitting' now!
My father says he caught you and Mac planning to run away together.
Haven't you anything to say?
Not a thing... you can believe it or not!
If I thought it was true...
Yeah?
What would you do?
Run to Papa?
I'd smash Mac so's he'd never come hanging around my wife again!
You got to learn any man can get a wife!
But it takes more'n a license and a wedding ring to hold her!
I guess our marriage was a mistake.
I'll shoot the first man that leaves my farm!
Listen to me Kate.
I've settled your score with the old man!
I've called the men out... and we're leavin'the wheat to rot in the fields.
I'm leavin' with the men in ten minutes and you're comin' with me...
..If you don't I'll say you put me up to ruining' the wheat!
Are you comin'?
Yes...yes ..but I've got to have time to pack.
Here's somethin' Mac forgot!
We're waitin' for Kate ...she's comin' with me!
I thought I could help you by staying, then you believed that lie about me and Mac.
Mac tried to get me to go with him but I wouldn't.
Maybe with me gone, They'll work and save the wheat
I never loved anybody but you, Goodbye, Kate.
Father... it's Lem!
FATHER!
Son, you know I... I wasn't meaning' to shoot you.
There's some things worse'n shooting. One of 'ems the hell..
...you been putting Kate and me through.
...Now I'm going to find Kate and take her away...
I been wrong, Lem, and I'm sorry Don't leave us!
Let me find Kate and beg her to stay.
No...
I got to find her myself.
I won't try to stop you again, boys.
You can go whenever you want to.
We ain't goin' to leave till your wheat's in!
You're on the wrong road.
There's only more farms like ours that way That's the road to the station.
Let me give you a lift, Kate.
Remember when we first came along this road how happy we were?
When I got your note Kate, I went crazy...
Father, here's Kate.
Can you forgive me... Kate?
Come back with us... to your home.
The scorpion is an arachnid species found in various parts of the world.
Its tail comprises five prismatic joints.
The pincers, recalling those of the larger crayfish are instruments of aggression and information.
Its tail ends in a sixth joint, a sac from which poison is injected by barbed sting.
A lover of darkness, it burrows under stones to escape the glare of the sun.
Antisocial, it ejects the intruder on its solitude.
Such lightning strikes, such virtuosity in attack.
Even a rat, for all its fury, falls prey to it.
Some hours later...
Stop it!
Perhaps I just happened to fall?
No.
We saw nothing.
Is there any news, yes or no?
Yes, the Majorcans are here.
Quick, to arms!
To the rear!
What about Pman?
I'm done for.
So are we, but we're going.
Yes, but you've got accordions, hippopotamuses, wrenches, mountain goats, and...
Bollocks!
Let's go.
...and paintbrushes.
This stone, on the site where the Majorcans died, marks the founding of the city of Imperial Rome.
Once mistress of the pagan world, now secular seat of the Church.
Aspects of its stoutest pillar, the Vatican.
The landlord's terms are very favourable. We can move in at once.
Longing to see you, very soon now. Your loving cousin.
But the hurly-burly of modern life has overtaken the Imperial City.
Sometimes on Sundays...
Various picturesque aspects of the great city.
Bandaged?
Yes, it's been sore for over a week.
Is Daddy home yet, Mummy?
Yes, he's in the dispensary.
Then he'll dress for the party.
We went out together this morning and engaged four of them.
The little moustached one sang like the rest.
Only a pianist is lacking.
But our priest is a fine violinist.
I think the musicians we have will be enough.
Six of them placed near the microphone will make more noise than sixty ten kilometres away.
I know sound gets lost in the open air but we could bring the guests in close.
Get a move on. The Majorcans will be arriving at nine.
Bastard!
Filthy swine!
Keep your trap shut!
Want us to work you over?
Here's a taste of the rough stuff!
Enough is enough! Let me show you who you're dealing with.
Let's have a look, then.
The International Goodwill Society hereby appoints you its special delegate.
This document testifies to our faith in you.
We pray that you will prove worthy of this trust we place in you, and successfully complete your goodwill mission.
On your spirit of self-sacrifice and your proven valour depend many lives.
Children, women, old men
The honour of our Fatherland Rests on the outcome of this noble enterprise
At his magnificent Roman estate, the Marquis of X prepares for his guests.
The Minister of the Interior is on the telephone.
You scoundrel!
You are entirely to blame!
You compromised me, too.
Do you realise that not one child survived?
Many women and old men perished, too.
You're bothering me about a few brats?
Filthy ruffian, you've dragged me down with you!
Dishonoured me!
You can die for all I care!
Then listen to my last words...
Has he gone?
Are you sleepy?
I was just falling asleep.
Where's the light switch?
At the foot of the bed.
Your elbow's hurting me.
Move your head closer, the pillow is cooler on this side.
Where's your hand?
That feels so good.
Let's just sit here and not move.
Are you cold?
No, I was falling.
I've been waiting so long for him.
What joy! What joy in having killed our children.
My love... my love...
Just as these feathers fell, but a long way away, the survivors from the Chteau de Selliny emerged to return to Paris.
120 days earlier, four godless and unprincipled scoundrels had, driven by their depravity, shut themselves away to indulge in the most bestial of orgies.
To them, the life of a woman mattered no more than that of a fly.
They took with them eight lovely adolescent girls to serve as victims for their criminal desires plus four women well versed in debauchery, whose narrative skills would serve to stimulate their already jaded appetites whenever interest flagged.
Here are the survivors of these orgies, leaving the Chteau de Selliny.
First and foremost of the four instigators, the Duc de Blangis.
CITY LIGHTS
"To the people of this city we donate this monument; 'Peace and Prosperity'."
Afternoon.
"Did you pick it up, sir ?"
"Wait for your change, sir."
Evening.
"Grandma."
Night.
"Tomorrow the birds will sing."
"Be brave !
Face life !"
"No, I'll end it all !"
"I'm cured. You're my friend for life."
"We'll go home and get warmed up."
"Any news ?"
"Only that your wife sent for her baggage, sir."
"Good !"
"Here's to our friendship --"
"No, I'll live !"
"James - the Rolls-Royce.
We'll burn up the town !"
Early morning; homeward bound.
"Be careful how you're driving."
"Am I driving ?"
"I like your car."
"Then keep it, it's yours."
"Where's my friend ?"
"Let him in, he's my guest !"
"Let's buy some flowers."
"Here's ten dollars."
"I haven't any change, sir."
"James !"
"Take these inside; I'll be right back."
"Thank you for your kindness, sir."
"May I see you home again ?"
"Whenever you wish, sir."
The sober dawn awakens a different man.
"I'm out to everybody !"
"Whoever he is, get rid of him !"
"-- and then he brought me home in his car."
"He must be wealthy."
"Yes, but he's more than that."
That afternoon.
"My friend !"
"Come on home, I'll give you a swell party."
The party.
The morning after.
"I'm sailing at noon, so hurry !"
"She has a fever and needs careful attention."
Determined to help the girl, he found work.
FINAL NOTICE Madam: You are owing $22.00 rent.
Unless paid by tomorrow morning, we shall take possession.
"Grandma, he's coming today !"
"Grandma, what's wrong ?"
"Grandma, I wish you'd meet him; you're never here when he calls."
Lunch time.
"Have you seen the soap ?"
"Be back on time !"
"To play the part of a gentleman without the millionaire was difficult, but he did his best."
VIENNA DOCTOR HAS CURE FOR BLINDNESS
Thousands journey from all parts of the world.
FREE OPERATION FOR POOR
Miraculous Work Of Surgeon Astounds Medical Profession
"Wonderful !
Then I'll be able to see you."
"For me ?
Read it please."
FINAL NOTICE Madam: You are owing $22.00 rent.
Unless paid by tomorrow morning, we shall take possession.
"Now don't worry, I'll pay it the first thing in the morning."
Late.
"You're late for the last time !"
"Get out !"
"Do you want to make some easy money ?"
That night.
"Remember, we split fifty-fifty;
and you promise you won't hurt me."
"Be careful, the boss might hear us."
TELEGRAM
EDDIE MASON MAIN STREET ARENA
GET OUT OF TOWN THE COPS ARE AFTER YOU
JIM
"I've got to beat it; boss !"
"Do you want to fight for a fifty dollar purse ?"
Winner take all.
"You'll fight him !"
"That's my lucky rabbit's foot."
"Let's take it easy and we'll split fifty-fifty."
"Winner take all !"
Still hoping to get money for the girl, he wandered the city.
Back from Europe.
"Now don't worry about the girl, I'll take care of her."
"Will a thousand dollars be enough ?"
"Police !
Help !"
"He has been robbed, search that man !"
"Where did you get this money ?"
"Tell him you gave me that money."
"Who is this man ?"
"This is for the rent."
"And this is for your eyes."
"I must be going."
"How can I ever thank you ?"
"You're not going away ?"
"For awhile."
"But you're coming back !"
Autumn.
"I'd like to order some flowers."
"Why, what's the matter, child ?"
"Nothing, only I thought he had returned."
"I've made a conquest !"
"You ?"
"You can see now ?"
"Yes, I can see now."
THE END
"Among the rugged peaks that frown down upon the Borgo Pass are found crumbling castles of a bygone age."
I say, driver, a bit slower.
Oh, no! We must reach the inn before sundown.
And why, pray?
It is Walpurgis Night.
The Night of Evil! Nosferatu!
On this night, madam, the doors, they are barred, and to the Virgin we pray.
(incantation in Hungarian)
I say, porter, don't take my luggage down.
I'm going on to Borgo Pass tonight. (speaks Hungarian) No, no, please.
The driver, he is afraid - Walpurgis Night.
Good fellow, he is.
He wants me to ask if you can wait and go on after sunrise.
Well, I'm sorry, but there's a carriage meeting me at Borgo Pass at midnight.
- Borgo Pass?
- Yes.
- Whose carriage?
- Count Dracula's.
- Count Dracula's?
- Yes.
Castle Dracula?
Yes. That's where I'm going.
- To the castle?
- Yes.
No. You mustn't go there.
We people of the mountains believe... at the castle there are vampires.
Dracula and his wives, they take the form of wolves and bats.
They leave their coffins at night and they feed on the blood of the living.
Oh, but that's all superstition.
When it is gone, they leave their coffins.
Come. We must go indoors.
But wait...
I mean, just a minute.
What I'm trying to say is that I'm not afraid.
I've explained to the driver that it's a matter of business with me.
I've got to go. Really.
Well, good night.
Wait. Please.
If you must go, wear this.
For your mother's sake. It will protect you. (cries of consternation)
Hey, driver!
I say, driver, what do you mean by going at this... (clanking... door creaks open) (squeaking)
Oh, it's...
It's really good to see you.
I don't know what happened to the driver and my luggage and...
Well, and with all this, I thought I was in the wrong place.
I bid you welcome. (wolf howls) Listen to them.
Children of the night.
What music they make!
The spider spinning his web for the unwary fly.
The blood is the life, Mr Renfield.
Why, er... yes.
I'm sure you will find this part of my castle more inviting.
Well, rather! It's quite different from outside.
Oh, and the fire - it's so cheerful.
I didn't know but that you might be hungry.
Thank you. That's very kind of you.
But I'm a bit worried about my luggage. You see, all your papers were in...
I took the liberty of having your luggage brought up.
Allow me.
Oh, yes.
Thanks. (wolf howls) I trust you have kept your coming here a secret.
I've followed your instructions implicitly.
Excellent, Mr Renfield.
Excellent.
And now, if you're not too fatigued,
I would like to discuss the lease on Carfax Abbey.
Oh, yes. Everything is in order, awaiting your signature.
Look here. Here's the lease.
Oh, I... I hope I've brought enough labels for your luggage.
I'm taking with me only three... boxes.
Very well.
I have chartered a ship to take us to England.
We will be leaving... tomorrow evening.
Everything will be ready.
I hope you will find this comfortable.
Thanks. It looks very inviting.
Oh, it's nothing serious. Just a small cut from that paperclip.
It's just a scratch.
This... is very old wine.
I hope you will like it.
Aren't you drinking?
I never drink... wine.
Well...
It's delicious.
And now I'll leave you.
Well, good night.
Good night... Mr Renfield.
Master, the sun is gone.
You will keep your promise when we get to London, won't you, master?
You will see that I get lives?
Not human lives, but... small ones. With blood in them!
I'll be loyal to you, master.
I'll be loyal.
(men's voices) (first man) Must be a Scandinavian ship.
(second man) Here, now. Here, now. Get back.
Nobody goes aboard this here boat but the authorities.
(third man) Captain dead, tied to the wheel.
Horrible tragedy. A horrible tragedy.
Master!
We're here!
You can't hear what I'm saying, but we're here.
We're safe!
(third man) They must've come through a terrible storm.
(deranged laughter) What's that?
Why, it's come from that hatchway.
Why, he's mad! Look at his eyes.
Why, the man's gone crazy.
Violets!
Violets!
Flower for your buttonhole, sir.
Flower for your buttonhole, sir.
Flower for your buttonhole. Here's a nice one.
And after you've delivered the message, you will remember nothing I now say.
Obey.
- Dr Seward?
- Yes?
You're wanted on the telephone.
Oh, thank you. Well, excuse me, dears...
Oh, Father, if it's from home, will you say I'm spending the night in town with Lucy?
(chuckles) All right, dear.
- Pardon.
- Yes? I could not help overhearing your name.
Might I inquire if you are the Dr Seward whose sanitarium is at Whitby?
Why, yes.
I'm Count Dracula.
I have just leased Carfax Abbey. I understand it adjoins your grounds.
Why, yes, it does. I'm very happy to make your acquaintance.
May I present my daughter, Mina...
Count Dracula.
- Miss Weston...
- How do you do?
- And Mr Harker.
- How do you do?
Count Dracula has just taken Carfax Abbey.
Oh, it'll be a relief to see life in those dismal old windows.
It will indeed. You'll excuse me - I'm wanted on the telephone.
The abbey could be very attractive.
But I should imagine it would need quite extensive repairs.
I shall do very little repairing.
It reminds me of the broken battlements of my own castle in Transylvania.
The abbey always reminds me of that old toast:
"Above, lofty timbers, The walls around are bare,
Echoing to our laughter, As though the dead were there."
- Nice little sentiment!
- But there's more, even nicer.
"Quaff a cup to the dead already, Hurrah for the next to die..."
Oh, never mind the rest, dear!
To die, to be really dead... that must be glorious.
Why, Count Dracula!
There are far worse things...
awaiting man... than death. (music box chimes) (Mina, mimicking) It reminds me...
of the broken battlements... of my own castle in Transylvania.
Oh, Lucy, you're so romantic!
Laugh all you like. I think he's fascinating.
Oh, I suppose he's all right.
But give me someone a little more normal.
Like John?
Yes, dear. Like John.
Castle... Dracula.
Transylvania.
Well, er... Countess,
I'll leave you to your count and his ruined abbey.
- Good night, Lucy.
- Good night, dear.
The fog seems to be closing down a bit, sir.
Another death.
Dead?
Dr Seward, when did Miss Weston have the last transfusion?
About four hours ago.
An unnatural loss of blood, which we've been powerless to check.
On the throat of each victim the same two marks.
- (nurse) Keep your hands covered.
- I don't want to keep my hands covered.
- But you said you would.
- I don't want to.
- Now please do as you said you would.
(manic laughter) (man) No, Martin, please!
Please don't, Martin!
No, Martin, please!
Please, Martin!
No, Martin! Oh, Martin, please!
- Here, give it to me now, I tell you!
- No, Martin, please!
No, Martin. Martin, don't!
Don't throw my spider away from me!
Oh, Martin...
Oh...
Ain't you ashamed now?
Ain't you?
Spiders now, is it?
Flies ain't good enough?
Flies?
Flies?
Poor puny things!
Who wants to eat flies?
You do, ya loony!
Not when I can get nice fat spiders!
All right. Have it your own way.
Read, Dummkopf, where I have marked.
Deinde cum extractum vesiculionis sanguine mixtum est, sanguis puniceo color amisso lactteus fit.
Gentlemen, we are dealing with the... undead.
Nosferatu!
Yes, Nosferatu.
The undead.
The vampire.
The vampire attacks the throat.
It leaves two little wounds, white with red centres.
Dr Seward, your patient Renfield, whose blood I have just analysed, is obsessed with the idea that he must devour living things in order to sustain his own life.
But, Professor Van Helsing, modern medical science does not admit of such a creature!
The vampire is a pure myth, superstition.
I may be able to bring you proof that the superstition of yesterday can become the scientific reality of today.
But, Professor, Renfield's cravings have always been for small living things.
- Nothing human.
- As far as we know, Doctor.
But you tell me that he escapes from his room.
He's gone for hours.
Where does he go? (voice approaches) ..so you won't have to eat flies.
Well, Mr Renfield, you are looking much better than you did this morning when I arrived.
Thanks. I'm feeling much better.
I am here to help you.
You understand that, do you not?
Why, of course. And I'm very grateful.
- Keep your filthy hands to yourself!
- Now now, Renfield.
Oh, Dr Seward, send me away from this place!
Send me far away!
Why are you so anxious to get away?
My cries at night - they might disturb Miss Mina.
Yes?
They might give her bad dreams, Professor Van Helsing.
Bad dreams. (wolf howls) (wolf howls)
That sounded like a wolf. Yes, it did. But I hardly think there are wolves so near London.
He thinks they're wolves.
Me, I've heard 'em howl at night before.
He thinks they're talking to him!
He 'owls and 'owls back at 'em.
He's crazy!
I might have known. I might have known.
We know why the wolves talk, do we not, Mr Renfield?
And we know how we can make them stop. Argh! You know too much to live, Van Helsing!
Now now, Renfield.
We will get no more out of him now for a while.
Take him away, Martin.
On your way, old fly-eater.
I'm warning you, Dr Seward, if you don't send me away you must answer for what will happen to Miss Mina!
- All right, Martin.
- Come along now. Come along.
What was that herb that excited him so?
Wolfbane.
It is a plant that grows in central Europe.
The natives there use it to protect themselves against vampires.
Renfield reacted very violently to its scent.
Seward, I want you to have Renfield closely watched by day and night.
Especially by night. (sobs) (wolf howls)
Master, you've come back.
No, master, please...
Please don't ask me to do that.
Don't. Not her.
Please!
Please don't, master!
Don't, please!
Please...
Oh, don't...
I laid in bed for quite a while... reading.
And just as I was commencing to get drowsy, I heard dogs howling.
And when the dream came... it seemed the whole room was filled with mist.
It was so thick I could just see the lamp by the bed, a tiny spark in the fog.
And then I saw two red eyes staring at me, and a white, livid face came down out of the mist.
It came closer... and closer.
I felt its breath on my face... and then its lips!
Dear, it was only a dream.
And then in the morning I felt so weak.
It seemed as if all the life had been drained out of me.
Darling, we're going to forget all about these dreams and think about something cheerful, aren't we?
- Allow me?
- Oh. Certainly, Professor.
Think for a moment.
Is there anything that might have brought this dream on?
No.
Doctor, there's something troubling Mina. Something she won't tell us.
And the face in the dream - you say it seemed to come closer and closer?
The lips touched you?
Where?
Is there anything the matter with your throat?
- Oh, no. But I...
- Permit me.
- No, please...
- Yes.
How long have you had those little marks?
- Marks?
- Please.
- Mina, why didn't you let us know?
- Do not excite her.
When, Miss Mina?
Since the morning after the dream.
- What could have caused them?
- (maid) Count Dracula.
It's good to see you back again, Doctor.
I heard you have just arrived.
And you, Miss Mina, you're looking exceptionally... (Van Helsing) Pardon me, Dr Seward... but I think Miss Mina should go to her room at once.
Professor Van Helsing, I don't believe it's as important as you seem to think.
Excuse me. Count Dracula, Professor Van Helsing.
Van Helsing. A most distinguished scientist, whose name we know...
even in the wilds of Transylvania.
I had a frightful dream a few nights ago.
I don't seem to be able to get it out of my mind.
I hope you haven't taken my stories too seriously?
Stories?
Yes.
In my humble effort to amuse your fiancee, Mr Harker,
I was telling her some rather... grim tales of my far-off country.
I can imagine.
Why, John!
I can quite understand Mr Harker's concern.
I'm afraid it's quite serious.
My dear, I'm sure Count Dracula will excuse you.
You must go to your room, as Professor Van Helsing suggests.
Oh, but really, Father, I'm feeling quite well.
You had better do as your father advises.
Very well.
Good night.
John.
Miss Mina, may I call later and inquire how you are feeling?
Why, yes. Thank you.
I'm sorry, Doctor, my visit was so ill-timed.
Not at all.
On the contrary, it may prove to be most enlightening.
In fact, before you go, you can be of definite service.
Anything I can do, gladly.
A moment ago I stumbled upon a most amazing phenomenon.
Something so incredible I mistrust my own judgment.
Look.
Dr Seward, my humble apology.
I dislike mirrors.
Van Helsing will explain.
For one who has not lived even a single lifetime... you are a wise man, Van Helsing.
Phew! What on earth caused that?
Did you see the look on his face?
Like a wild animal!
Wild animal?
Like a madman!
What's that, running across the lawn?
Looks like a huge dog!
Or a wolf?
A wolf?
- He was afraid we might follow.
- Follow?
Sometimes they take the form of wolves. But generally of bats.
What are you talking about?
Dracula.
But what's Dracula got to do with wolves and bats?
- Dracula is our vampire.
- But surely, Professor...
A vampire casts no reflection in the glass.
That is why Dracula smashed the mirror.
I don't mean to be rude, but that's the sort of thing
I'd expect one of the patients here to say.
Yes. And that is what your English doctors would say, your police.
The strength of the vampire is that people will not believe in him.
But, Professor, vampires only exist in ghost stories.
A vampire, Mr Harker, is a being that lives after its death by drinking the blood of the living.
It must have blood or it dies.
Its power lasts only from sunset to sunrise.
During the hours of the day it must rest in the earth in which it was buried.
But then, if Dracula were a vampire, he'd have to return every night to Transylvania.
And that's impossible!
Then he must have brought his native soil with him.
Boxes of it. Boxes of earth large enough for him to rest in. (manic laughter)
Renfield?
! What are you doing there?
Come here.
Did you hear what we were saying?
Yes, I heard something.
Enough.
Be guided by what he says.
It's your only hope.
It's her only hope.
I begged you to send me away, but you wouldn't.
Now it's too late. It's happened again.
(Harker) What's happened?
Take her away before... (squeaking)
No, no, master! I wasn't going to say anything!
I told them nothing!
I'm loyal to you, master!
What have you to do with Dracula?
Dracula?
I never even heard the name before.
You will die in torment if you die with innocent blood on your soul.
Oh, no.
God will not damn a lunatic's soul.
He knows that the powers of evil are too great for those of us with weak minds. (woman screams) Oh, Mr Harker!
Mr Harker, it's horrible!
Oh, it's horrible! Dr Seward!
Miss Mina...
Out there, dead!
- Out where?
Thank heaven she's alive. Thank heaven for that!
Alive, yes.
But in greater danger, for she's already under his influence.
Oh, it's horrible, Van Helsing, horrible!
Incredible!
Incredible, perhaps, but we must face it, we must cope with it.
As these attacks continue, she comes more and more under his power. (child cries) "Further attacks on small children, committed after dark by the mysterious woman in white, took place last night."
"Narratives of two small girls, each child describing a 'bootiful lady in white' who promised her chocolates, enticed her to a secluded spot, and there bit her slightly in the throat."
- Ghosts!
- Vampires.
And then, Miss Mina?
What could she know about the woman in white?
- It's bad enough for her to read about it...
- Please, please, Mr Harker.
And when was the next time you saw Miss Lucy after she was buried?
I was downstairs on the terrace.
She came out of the shadows and stood looking at me.
I started to speak to her.
And then I remembered she was dead.
The most horrible expression came over her face.
She looked like a hungry animal. A wolf.
And then she turned and ran back into the dark.
Then you know the woman in white is...
Lucy.
Miss Mina, I promise you that after tonight she will remain at rest, her soul released from this horror.
If you can save Lucy's soul after death, promise me you'll save mine.
Darling, you're not going to die. You're going to live.
No, John. You mustn't touch me.
And you mustn't kiss me - ever again.
What are you trying to say?
You tell him.
You make him understand. I can't.
Professor...
It's all over, John.
Our love, our life together.
Oh, no.
No, no, don't look at me like that.
I love you, John. You.
But this horror...
He wills it.
(Van Helsing) Miss Mina, you must come indoors.
You must.
Do you know what you're doing to her, Professor?
You're driving her crazy!
Mr Harker, that is what you should be worrying about.
The last rays of the day's sun will soon be gone and another night will be upon us. (door opens) Dr Seward, I'm taking Mina with me to London tonight, or I'll call in the police.
- But, John...
- Mina, please get your bags packed.
Seward, I must be master here or I can do nothing.
Quite.
Miss Mina, both this room and your bedroom have been prepared with wolfbane.
You will be safe if Dracula returns.
She'll be safe all right, because she's going with me!
- Mina, I'll be waiting for you in the library.
- Oh, John!
Father, talk to him.
Please don't let him go.
Oh, Briggs.
Miss Mina is to wear this wreath of wolfbane when she goes to bed.
Watch her closely and see that she does not remove it in her sleep.
I understand.
And under no circumstances must these windows be opened tonight.
Very well, sir. (wolf howls) (thud)
You will recollect that Dracula cast no reflection in the mirror.
Yes. And that three boxes of earth were delivered to him at Carfax Abbey.
Quite.
And, knowing that a vampire must rest by day in his native soil,
I am convinced that this Dracula is no legend, but an undead creature whose life has been unnaturally prolonged.
(Harker) Well, Dr Seward, what about it?
Is Mina going with me or not?
If you take her from under our protection, you will kill her.
Now, John, please, please, be patient.
Mr Harker, please, come here.
Well?
John, I know you love her.
But don't forget she's my daughter, and I must do what I think is best.
Mr Harker, I have devoted my lifetime to the study of many strange things - little-known facts which the world is perhaps better off for not knowing.
I know.
But, Professor, all I want is to get Mina away from all of this.
That will do no good.
Our only chance of saving Miss Mina's life is to find the hiding place of Dracula's living corpse and to drive a stake through its heart.
(Renfield) Isn't this a strange conversation for men who aren't crazy?
Renfield! You're compelling me to put you in a straitjacket.
You forget, Doctor, that madmen have great strength.
Dracula has great strength, eh, Renfield?
Words, words, words!
Oh, Martin. Didn't I warn you to keep a strict watch?
What?
What, again?
! Yes, sir. At once, sir.
Yes, sir. Right away, sir.
Here, the doctor's pet loony is loose again.
He came and stood below my window in the moonlight.
And he promised me things.
Not in words, but by doing them.
Doing them?
By making them happen.
A red mist spread over the lawn, coming on like a flame of fire.
And then he parted it.
And I could see that there were thousands of rats, with their eyes blazing red - like his, only smaller.
And then he held up his hand and they all stopped.
And I thought he seemed to be saying...
"Rats, rats... rats!"
"Thousands... millions of them!"
"All red blood!"
"All these will I give you... if you will obey me."
What did he want you to do?
That which has already been done.
Strike me down dead, Doctor!
He's got me going!
Now he's twisted and broken them iron bars as if they was cheese.
- Dracula is in the house!
- In the house?
! Doctor, this time he can do no harm. We are ready for him.
Martin, come. I'll show you where we can put Mr Renfield where he won't escape.
Maybe you're right, but I have me doubts.
Come along, old fly-eater.
Now you mustn't get out of it this time. You've got to stay in your room...
Van Helsing!
Now that you have learned what you have learned, it would be well for you to return to your own country.
I prefer to remain, and protect those whom you would destroy.
You are too late.
My blood now flows through her veins.
She will live through the centuries to come... as I have lived.
Should you escape us, Dracula, we know how to save Miss Mina's soul, if not her life.
If she dies by day.
But I shall see that she dies by night.
And I will have Carfax Abbey torn down stone by stone, excavated a mile around.
I will find your earth box and drive that stake through your heart.
Come here.
Come... here.
Your will is strong,
Van Helsing.
More wolfbane?
More effective than wolfbane, Count.
Indeed? (snarls) (Mina) Open the windows, Briggs, let in some air!
The odour in the room from that horrible weed!
It's stifling!
I can't stand it!
- But the professor gave orders.
- Never mind the professor now.
Now, please, go back to bed at once. I'm going to call your father.
What is it, Briggs?
I don't know, Mr Harker.
I felt strangely dizzy.
And when it cleared away, Miss Mina was up and dressed and out on the terrace.
- And I can't get her to go to bed.
- Well, let me see her. Tell her I'm here.
John?
Oh, John, I'm so glad you're here.
What have they been doing to me, dear?
Locking me in my room!
Oh, and the horrible smell of that awful weed.
It's been like a nightmare.
What's been the matter?
Why are you looking at me like that?
Mina...
You're so... like a changed girl.
Oh, you look wonderful!
I feel wonderful. I've never felt better in my life.
I'm so glad to see you like this.
I've been awfully worried about you.
Mr Harker, you'd better bring Miss Mina inside.
That's all right, Briggs - now that I'm here.
Run along, Briggs. Don't worry.
John... Look, the fog's lifting.
See how plain you can see the stars.
Yes.
Millions of them.
I've never seen them so close.
Why, it looks as if you could reach out and touch them.
Would you like me to get you a ha...
Why, what's the matter?
Oh, nothing. Nothing at all.
Come. Let's sit down.
Van Helsing.
Seward. That which I feared from the beginning has happened.
What?
Dracula boasts that he has fused his blood with that of Miss Mina.
In life she will now become the foul thing of the night that he is.
- But Van Helsing...
- Come, Seward.
There's not a moment to be lost.
Oh, but I love the fog!
I love nights with fog.
Well, only yesterday you said you were afraid of the night.
But, darling, I could never have said anything so silly! I couldn't!
I love the night.
Why, it's the only time I feel really alive.
- There's that bat again! - (bat squeaks)
- Yes? - Shoo!
- Look out. He'll get in your hair. - (squeaking)
Yes?
- My, that was a big bat. - (squeaking)
I will.
You will what?
Why, I didn't say anything.
Yes, you did. You said "I will".
Oh, no, I didn't.
John...
Come, sit down.
There must be some way, some way to save her.
There is only one... (Mina) John, that funny little old professor...
Now I want you to get it away from him and hide it.
But why, dear?
Oh, he'll be wanting to protect me again - from the night, or Count Dracula, or whatever it is.
Well, I don't know. He may be right, Mina.
Your eyes!
They look at me so strangely.
Mina!
- Mina, you're...
- No, Mina, no! (Mina screams)
Give me that! What's the idea? Have you gone crazy?
- Are you trying to frighten her to death?
! - No, I was trying to save her.
Save her?
That's a fine way!
It's all right, darling.
Oh, John, darling!
You must go away from me! (wails) The cross!
After what's happened I can't bear to look at it.
- What's happened?
- I can't tell you.
I can't. But you must. You must tell me.
Oh, John...
You can believe everything he says. It's all the truth.
Dracula, he...
Dracula?
! What's he done to you, dear?
Tell me.
He came to me.
He opened a vein in his arm... and he made me drink. (gunshot)
Who is it, Martin?
It's that big grey bat again, sir.
There's no use wasting your bullets, Martin. They cannot harm that bat.
No, sir.
He's crazy!
They're all crazy.
They're all crazy except you and me.
Sometimes I have me doubts about you.
Yes.
Come, Mr Harker. (creaking) (clanking)
Master, I'm here!
Where else would he be going but to Dracula?
What is it, master?
What do you want me to do?
Look!
Here's an opening.
(Harker) Mina!
Mina!
I didn't lead them here, master!
I didn't know, I swear!
No!
No! (Dracula) Wait!
I'm loyal to you, master.
I'm your slave. I didn't betray you!
Oh, no, don't!
Don't kill me!
Let me live, please!
Punish me, torture me, but let me live!
I can't die with all those lives on my conscience!
All that blood on my hands!
- He'll kill her if we don't get to her!
- (Van Helsing) We must not be too late.
We have him trapped!
Day is breaking!
We have him trapped!
(woman screams)
He's killing her! Mina! Mina, where are you?
Mina!
Mina!
Mina, where are you?
Mina?
Mina?
Mina!
Mina!
Harker!
Harker!
- See her?
- Come.
Where?
Where are you?
Here. Here, Harker. I have found them.
Get me a piece of stone - anything - to help me drive the stake through their hearts.
(banging) Is she...? How does she...?
She is not here.
Then... then she may be alive!
Mina!
Mina!
Mina!
Mina! - (hammer blow) - (groan) Aarghh... (groan trails off into silence)
Mina!
Mina!
Oh, John!
John, darling!
I heard you calling, but I couldn't say anything.
We thought he'd killed you, dear.
The daylight stopped him.
Oh, if you could have seen the look on his face!
There's nothing more to fear, Miss Mina.
Dracula is dead for ever.
No, no, no. You must go.
- But aren't you coming with us?
- Not yet. Presently. Come, John.
How do you do?
Mr. Carl Laemmle feels it would be a little unkind to present this picture without just a word of friendly warning.
We are about to unfold the story of Frankenstein.
A man of science, who sought to create a man after his own image, without reckoning upon God.
It is one of the strangest tales ever told.
It deals with the two great mysteries of creation:
life and death.
I think it will thrill you.
It may shock you.
It might even horrify you.
So if any of you feel that you do not care to subject your nerves to such a strain, now is your chance to, er...
Well, we've warned you.
... dona eis, Domine:
et lux perpetua luceat eis.
Amen.
Down.
Down, you fool!
Now!
Come on!
Hurry, hurry.
The moon's rising. We've no time to lose.
Careful!
Here he comes!
He's just resting. Waiting for a new life to come.
Here we are.
Look, it's still here.
Climb up and cut the rope.
- No!
- Go on. It can't hurt you.
Here's a knife.
Look out!
Here's the knife.
Here I come.
Is it all right?
The neck's broken. The brain is useless!
We must find another brain.
That'll do, gentlemen.
And in conclusion, ladies and gentlemen, here we have one of the most perfect specimens of the human brain ever to come to my attention at the university.
And here, the abnormal brain of the typical criminal.
Observe, ladies and gentlemen, the scarcity of convolutions on the frontal lobe as compared to that of the normal brain, and the distinct degeneration of the middle frontal lobe.
All of these degenerate characteristics check amazingly with the history of the dead man before us, whose life was one of brutality, of violence and murder.
These jars will remain here for your further inspection.
Thank you, gentlemen. The class is dismissed.
Herr Victor Moritz.
Victor.
- I'm so glad you've come.
- What is it, Elizabeth?
- Oh, you've heard from Henry.
- Yes. The first word in four months.
It just came.
- Victor, you must help me.
- Of course I'll help you.
I'm afraid.
I've read this over and over again, but they're just words that I can't understand.
Listen.
"You must have faith in me, Elizabeth. Wait."
"My work must come first, even before you."
"At night, the winds howl in the mountains."
"There is no one here."
"Prying eyes can't peer into my secret."
- What can he mean?
- What does he say then?
"I am living in an abandoned watchtower close to the town of Goldstadt."
"Only my assistant is here to help me with my experiments."
- Oh. His experiments. - Yes, that's what frightens me.
The day we announced our engagement, he told me of his experiments.
He said he was close to a discovery so terrific that he doubted his own sanity.
There was a strange look in his eyes. Some mystery.
His words carried me right away.
Of course, I've never doubted him. But still, I worry. I can't help it.
And now this letter. All this uncertainty can't go on. I must know.
Victor, have you seen him?
Yes. About three weeks ago.
I met him walking alone in the woods. He spoke to me of his work, too.
I asked him if I might visit his laboratory.
He just glared at me and said he would let no one go there.
- His manner was very strange. - Oh, what can we do?
- If he should be ill! - Now, don't worry.
I'll go to Dr. Waldman, Henry's old professor in medical school.
Perhaps he can tell me more about all this.
Victor, you're a dear.
You know I'd go to the ends of the earth for you.
I shouldn't like that. I'm far too fond of you.
I wish you were.
- Victor. - I'm sorry.
Good night, Victor. And thank you. Thank you.
Good night. And don't worry. Promise?
I won't.
- Victor! - What is it?
- I'm coming with you.
- You can't!
I must. I'll be ready in a minute.
Herr Frankenstein is a most brilliant young man, yet so erratic.
He troubles me.
I'm worried about Henry. Why has he left the university?
He was doing so well and he seemed so happy with his work.
You know, his researches in the field of chemical galvanism and electrobiology were far in advance of our theories here at the university.
In fact, they had reached a most advanced stage.
They were becoming dangerous.
Herr Frankenstein is greatly changed.
You mean changed as a result of his work?
Yes. His work.
His insane ambition to create life.
How? How?
Please tell us everything, whatever it is.
The bodies we use now, dissecting them for lecture purposes, were not perfect enough for his experiments, he said.
He wished us to supply him with other bodies, and we were not to be too particular as to where and how we got them.
I told him that his demands were unreasonable, and so he left the university to work unhampered.
- He found what he needed elsewhere. - Oh.
The bodies of animals.
Well, what are the lives of a few rabbits and dogs?
You do not quite get what I mean.
Herr Frankenstein was interested only in human life.
First to destroy it, then re-create it.
There you have his mad dream.
- Can we go to him?
- You will not be very welcome.
What does that matter?
I must see him.
Dr. Waldman, you have influence with Henry. Won't you come with us?
I'm sorry, but Herr Frankenstein is no longer my pupil.
But he respects you. Won't you help us to take him away?
Very well, Frulein. I've warned you.
But if you wish it, I will go.
- Fritz! - Hello.
- Have you finished those connections?
- Yes, they're done.
Well, come down, then, and help. We've lots to do.
Look out!
Fool!
If this storm develops as I hope, you will have plenty to be afraid of before the night's over.
Go on, fix the electrodes.
This storm will be magnificent.
All the electrical secrets of heaven.
And this time we're ready. Hey, Fritz? Ready.
Oh!
- Why, what's the matter?
- Look.
There's nothing to fear. Look.
No blood, no decay.
Just a few stitches.
And look. Here's the final touch.
- The brain you stole, Fritz. - Yes.
Think of it - the brain of a dead man waiting to live again in a body I made with my own hands.
With my own hands.
Let's have one final test. Throw the switches.
Good.
In 15 minutes, the storm should be at its height.
Then we'll be ready.
What's that?
- There's someone there. - Shh!
Quiet.
Send them away! Nobody must come here.
Here. Cover this.
Whoever it is, don't let them in.
Leave them to me.
Of all the times for anybody to come!
I'll show them, messing about at this time of night. Got too much to do.
Wait a minute! All right, all right!
Wait a minute, I'm coming.
- It's Dr. Waldman, Fritz.
- You can't see him. Go away.
All right, knock! You won't get in.
- Henry! - Frankenstein!
- Henry! - Frankenstein!
Henry!
- Open the door! - Let us in!
Who is it?
What do you want?
You must leave me alone now.
It's Elizabeth!
Open the door!
- Henry! - Frankenstein!
- What do you want?
- Open the door!
- You must leave me alone. - At least give us shelter.
- What's this nonsense of locked doors?
- Henry!
Elizabeth, please, won't you go away?
Won't you trust me just for tonight?
- You're ill. What's the matter?
- Nothing. I'm quite all right. Truly I am.
Can't you see I mustn't be disturbed?
You'll ruin everything. My experiment is almost completed.
Wait a moment. I understand.
I believe in you. But I cannot leave you tonight.
- You've got to leave!
- Henry, you're inhuman. You're crazy!
Crazy, am I?
We'll see whether I'm crazy or not.
Come on up.
You're quite sure you want to come in?
Very well.
Forgive me, but I'm forced to take unusual precautions.
Sit down, please.
Sit down!
You too, Elizabeth. Please.
A moment ago, you said I was crazy.
- Tomorrow, we'll see about that. - Don't touch that!
I'm sorry, Doctor, but I insist.
Please.
Doctor Waldman, I learnt a great deal from you at the university about the violet ray, the ultraviolet ray, which you said was the highest color in the spectrum.
You were wrong.
Here, in this machinery, I have gone beyond that.
I have discovered the great ray that first brought life into the world.
Oh. And your proof?
Tonight you shall have your proof.
At first I experimented only with dead animals, and then a human heart, which I kept beating for three weeks.
But now I'm going to turn that ray on that body, and endow it with life.
And you really believe that you can bring life to the dead?
That body is not dead.
It has never lived.
I created it.
I made it with my own hands from the bodies I took from graves, from the gallows, anywhere.
Go and see for yourself.
You too.
Dead, hey?
Quite a good scene, isn't it?
One man crazy, three very sane spectators.
Yes!
Test the batteries.
Look. It's moving.
It's alive.
It's alive!
It's alive.
It's moving.
It's alive!
It's alive!
It's alive!
It's alive!
- It's alive!
- Henry, in the name of God!
In the name of God?
! Now I know what it...
Henry is well, but he's very busy.
He said he would get in touch with you soon.
Don't worry about him, Baron. He'll be home in a few days.
You two have it all arranged, haven't you?
You think I'm an idiot, don't you?
But I'm not.
Anyone can see with half an eye that there's something wrong.
And I've two eyes, and pretty good ones at that.
- Well, what is it?
- You're quite mistaken, Baron.
What's the matter with my son?
What's he doing?
He's completing his experiments.
Why does he go messing around an old ruined windmill when he has a decent house, a bath, good food and drink, and a darned pretty girl to come back to?
- Baron, you don't understand.
- I understand perfectly well.
There's another woman, and you're afraid to tell me.
Pretty sordid experiments these must be.
Huh!
- Oh, but you're wrong! - And how do you know?
If you please, Herr Baron, the burgomaster.
- Well, tell him to go away.
- But he says it's important.
Nothing the burgomaster can say can be of the slightest importance.
Good day, Herr Baron. Frulein.
Well, what do you want?
If it's trouble, go away. I've trouble enough.
- Oh, there's no trouble, sir.
- What do you mean, "no trouble"?
There's nothing but trouble.
- I brought you these flowers. - Thank you, Herr Vogel.
Both in my private and official capacities as burgomaster...
Yes, yes, yes, we know all about that, but what do you want?
What I really want to know is when will the wedding be, if you please.
Unless Henry comes to his senses, there'll be no wedding at all.
- But the village is already prepared. - Well, tell them to unprepare.
But such a lovely bride...
Such a fine young man, the very image of his father.
- Heaven forbid.
- But, sir, everything is ready!
I know that!
Don't keep on saying so, you idiot!
There's nothing to cry about.
Good day, Miss Elizabeth. Good day, Herr Moritz.
Good day, Herr Vogel.
Good day, Herr Baron.
And good riddance to you.
There you are. Huh! You see how it is.
The whole village is kept waiting, the bride is kept waiting, and I am kept waiting.
Henry must come home, if I have to fetch him myself.
No, no, Baron.
What about his work?
Stuff and nonsense. What about his wedding?
There is another woman... and I'm going to find her.
Come and sit down, Doctor.
You must be patient.
Do you expect perfection at once?
This creature of yours should be kept under guard.
Mark my words, he will prove dangerous.
Dangerous?
Poor old Waldman.
Have you never wanted to do anything that was dangerous?
Where should we be if nobody tried to find out what lies beyond?
Have you never wanted to look beyond the clouds and the stars?
Or to know what causes the trees to bud?
And what changes the darkness into light?
But if you talk like that... people call you crazy.
Well, if I could discover just one of these things - what eternity is, for example -
I wouldn't care if they did think I was crazy.
You're young, my friend. Your success has intoxicated you.
Wake up and look facts in the face!
Here we have a fiend whose brain...
Whose brain must be given time to develop.
It's a perfectly good brain, Doctor.
Well, you ought to know. It came from your own laboratory.
The brain that was stolen from my laboratory was a criminal brain.
Oh, well. After all, it's only a piece of dead tissue.
Only evil can come of it.
Your health will be ruined if you persist in this madness.
I'm astonishingly sane, Doctor.
You have created a monster and it will destroy you.
Patience, patience.
I believe in this monster, as you call it.
And if you don't, well, you must leave me alone.
But think of Elizabeth. Your father.
Elizabeth believes in me.
My father?
He never believes in anyone.
I've got to experiment further.
He's only a few days old, remember.
So far, he's been kept in complete darkness.
Wait till I bring him into the light.
Here he comes. Let's turn out the light.
Come in.
Come in.
Sit down.
Sit down!
You see?
It understands.
Watch.
Take care now, Frankenstein. Take care.
Shut out the light.
Sit down.
Go and sit down.
- It understands this time.
It's wonderful. - Frankenstein, where is it?
Aagh!
Quiet, you fool!
Get away with that torch.
- Aagh!
- Quick!
Fetch the rope, quick.
Stop pushing.
- Get him to the cellar. - Shoot it!
It's a monster.
Quiet.
Quiet!
Stop that! You'll have the whole countryside on us!
Come away. He has the strength of ten men!
Here, give me that!
Come away, Fritz.
Leave it alone. Leave it alone.
Listen. What's that?
Who's there?
It's Fritz!
Come on, Doctor. Quick, hurry.
Get back.
Come on, quickly.
He hated Fritz. Fritz always tormented him.
Come, pull yourself together.
- What can we do?
- Kill it, as you would any savage animal.
We must overpower him first. Get me a hypodermic needle.
- It's murder.
- It's our only chance.
In a few minutes, he'll be through that door. Come, quick. Hurry.
- Got it?
- Yes, here it is.
- It's very strong. Half-grain solution. - Good.
You stand there. When he goes toward you, I will make the injection in his back.
- Ready?
- Yes.
Get back!
Back!
Dr. Waldman. Dr. Waldman!
- Are you hurt?
- No, I'm all right. It's nothing.
See who's at the door.
What's happening?
Elizabeth and your father are coming to see you.
- Keep them out. - Too late!
They must not see that. Here, quick, give me a hand.
Quick!
Henry, hurry, get that blood off your face before your father and Elizabeth get here.
Well, er...
Pretty sort of place for my son to be in, I must say.
- Is that the front door?
- Yes, this is it.
Right.
I don't like it, but... here goes.
There doesn't seem to be anybody in the place.
God...
What a... What a forsaken place.
Are you trying to burn it down, eh?
What's that for, eh?
Well, what's the matter with you?
You look as if you've been kicked by a horse.
- Where's Henry?
- Why...
- Well?
- He can't be disturbed just now.
Oh, can't he? Huh!
I'll soon settle that nonsense.
Victor, where is he?
This place seems to drive everybody crazy.
Oh, heavens...
What's that?
I beg your pardon. I am Dr. Waldman.
Oh, are you?
I'm Baron Frankenstein.
Perhaps you know what all this tommyrot's about.
I...
I'll be shot if I do!
I advise you to take Henry away from here at once.
Well, what do you suppose I'm here for?
Pleasure?
Nah.
Where are you, my dear?
Oh, there you are.
Let's see what's up the awful stairs.
Leave them alone.
Come in.
- Henry. - Elizabeth.
Henry!
Victor!
Dr. Waldman!
Come quickly.
- My dear, what have they done to you?
- Poor Fritz...
It's all my fault...
Get him on the sofa.
Have you got any brandy?
Quick, quick, quick.
Here, I'll do that.
My boy...
Now, now...
Now drink. Drink this.
There. There, that's better.
I'm going to take you home with me, Henry.
No, I can't. My work. What will happen to the records of my experiment?
- We will preserve them. - And...
I will see that it is painlessly destroyed.
Yes, yes. Leave it all to me.
Poor Fritz.
All my fault.
There, Henry. You can't do any more now.
You must come home until you get well again.
You'll soon feel better when you get out of here.
It's like heaven being with you again.
Heaven wasn't so far away all the time, you know.
I know.
But I didn't realize it.
My work. Those horrible days and nights.
I couldn't think of anything else.
Henry, you're not to think of those things any more.
- You promised. - All right.
Let's think about us. When will our wedding be?
Let's make it soon.
As soon as you like.
For three generations, these orange blossoms have been worn at our weddings.
Your great-grandfather wore this, Henry.
Looks as good as new now, hey?
And here. Here is one to make the best man look still better.
30 years ago, I placed this on your mother's head, Henry.
Today, you'll make me very happy by doing the same for Elizabeth.
And I hope, in 30 years' time, a youngster of yours will be carrying on the tradition.
And now, how about a little drink, eh?
My grandfather bought this wine and laid it down.
My grandmother wouldn't let him drink it. Bless her heart.
Here's to your very good health.
Well, are you all full?
Yes? Come along.
Here's a health to a son of the House of Frankenstein.
A son to the House of Frankenstein.
Here's a jolly good health to young Frankenstein.
Young Frankenstein.
Give the servants some champagne. This stuff's wasted on 'em.
Well, well, well.
It'll do you good. - House of Frankenstein. - To the House of Frankenstein.
Now then. Now be off about your business.
Listen!
Listen to 'em!
The boys and girls of the village are out here.
It's extraordinary how friendly you can make a lot of people on a couple of bottles of beer.
Tomorrow they'll all be fighting.
No doubt!
- They're calling for you, Baron. - Hey-ho.
Well, I suppose I'd better show myself.
Quiet!
Thank you all very much indeed.
I'm very pleased to see you all, and I hope there's plenty of beer.
There's lots more where that came from.
You stay here, Maria. I'll just take a look at my traps.
Then we'll go to the village and have a grand time, huh?
- You won't be long, Daddy?
- Oh, no.
If Franz comes by, tell him I'll be back soon.
Daddy, won't you stay and play with me a little while?
I'm too busy, darling.
You stay and play with the kitty, huh?
- Bye, Daddy. - Goodbye.
Be a good girl now.
Come on, kitty.
Who are you?
I'm Maria.
Will you play with me?
Would you like one of my flowers?
You have those, and I'll have these.
I can make a boat.
See how mine float?
Ohh!
No, you're hurting me!
- Henry.
- Elizabeth!
How lovely you look. But you shouldn't be here.
I must see you for a minute.
Why?
What's the matter?
Could you leave us for a moment?
Why, of course.
- Why, what is it?
- I'm so glad you're safe.
Safe?
Of course I'm safe.
But you look worried. Is anything wrong?
No.
No, forget my foolishness.
It was just a mood.
There's nothing the matter.
Of course there isn't!
Henry, I'm afraid. Terribly afraid.
Where is Dr. Waldman?
Why is he late for the wedding?
He's always late. He'll be here soon.
Something is going to happen.
I feel it. I can't get it out of my mind.
You're just nervous.
All the excitement and preparation.
No. No, it isn't that. I've felt it all day.
Something is coming between us.
I know it.
I know it!
Sit down and rest. You look so tired.
- If I could just save us from it. - From what, dear?
From what?
I don't know!
If I could just get it out of my mind!
I'd die if I had to lose you now, Henry.
Lose me?
Why, I'll always be with you.
Will you, Henry?
Are you sure?
I love you so.
Sure. How beautiful you look.
Henry!
Henry!
What's that?
What's that? !
Henry!
Dr. Waldman!
- What about Dr. Waldman?
- Henry, don't leave me!
- No, darling, you stay here.
- Henry!
Henry!
Dr. Waldman's been murdered in the tower.
The monster.
He's been seen in the hills, terrorizing the mountainside.
He's in the house.
He's upstairs!
It's in the cellars.
It's Elizabeth!
Come on.
Elizabeth!
What is it?
- Don't let him come here. - No, no, no, darling. It's all right.
- Don't let him come here. - It's all right, darling. It's all right.
Oh, look!
That's Maria!
Silence!
Silence!
Silence!
What is it?
Maria.
She's drowned.
My poor man.
Why do you bring her here to me?
But...
But she has been murdered.
Silence!
I'll see that justice is done.
Who is it?
- How is Elizabeth now?
- I don't know.
She's still in a daze. Just looks at me and says nothing. It's maddening.
Easy, old man. She'll be all right.
- Our wedding day. - Steady.
Your wedding will be postponed a day at most.
- A day?
I wonder. - What do you mean?
There can be no wedding while this horrible creation of mine is still alive.
I made him with these hands, and with these hands I will destroy him.
- I must find him!
- I'll go with you.
No. You stay here and look after Elizabeth.
I'll leave her in your care, whatever happens. You understand?
In your care.
Quiet!
Quiet! Quiet!
Ludwig.
You will search the woods. Those are your group.
- We'll get him!
- Quiet!
Herr Frankenstein.
You will take to the mountains. Those are your people.
I... I will lead the third group by the lake.
And remember... remember...
get him alive if you can, but get him!
Quiet!
Search every ravine, every crevasse, but the fiend must be found!
Are you ready?
Light your torches and go!
Stop!
Frankenstein, mountains!
Ludwig!
Lake party, this way!
Come on, boys!
Keep together.
You search there. The rest, come with me.
Look lively!
Come on!
Come on!
Herr Frankenstein!
Herr Frankenstein!
Come on, men!
Quick!
This way!
Which way did he go?
Which way did he go?
Tell me! Tell me!
Over there.
You stay here and take care of him.
The rest, follow me.
Come on!
Come on, quick!
No, come back! This way.
Herr Frankenstein!
Herr Frankenstein, where are you?
I think he's up there.
Come on, follow me.
Quick!
Hello!
Fire.
Fire!
Help!
Help!
- Listen.
- Help!
It's Frankenstein.
That way!
This way!
Come on, hurry!
Hurry!
Look, they're there!
Turn the hounds loose!
There he is!
The murderer.
He's alive.
Frankenstein!
Frankenstein.
Bring him down to the village and let's take him home.
Murderer!
Burn the mill!
Burn the mill!
He can't get away!
Have you got it?
Come on, hurry.
Quiet, quiet.
Well, go ahead and knock.
Well, well, well, what's all this?
What do you want, hey?
What's this?
If you please, Herr Baron, we thought that Mr. Henry could do with a glass of his great-grandmother's wine.
Fine old lady, my grandmother.
Very foreseeing of her to prevent my grandfather drinking this.
Mr. Henry doesn't need this.
As I said before, I say again, here's to a son to the House of Frankenstein.
Yes, indeed, sir. We hope so, sir.
Just you wait, it won't be long
The man in black will soon be here
With his cleaver's blade so true
He'll make mincemeat out of you!
You're out.
I told you to stop singing that awful song!
Didn't you hear me?
That same cursed song over and over!
What's the matter?
I told those kids to stop singing that awful song, but they sing it all day long.
As if we haven't heard enough of that murderer already.
Leave them alone.
As long as we can hear them singing, at least we know they're still there.
Yes, I guess you're right.
10,000 MARKS REWARD - WHO IS THE MURDERER?
Little Kurt Klawitzky and his sister Klara have been missing since June 11th.
Evidence leads us to believe the children were victims of a crime similar to that committed last fall against the Doering siblings.
What a pretty ball you have there.
What's your name?
Elsie Beckmann.
Didn't Elsie come with you?
-No. -She didn't come with us.
Pretty!
Thank you.
A thrilling new chapter, Mrs Beckmann.
Just a moment, Mr Gehrke.
Tell me, Mr Gehrke.
Have you seen little Elsie?
No. Didn't she just come up the stairs?
No, she's not home yet.
She won't be long now. Goodbye.
Goodbye, Mr Gehrke.
Extra! Extra!
Extra!
Extra!
No, I can't give change! Extra!
Makes you afraid to send your kids to school!
Who is the murderer?
Because the police did not publish my first letter,
I am writing now directly to the press!
Proceed with your investigations.
All will soon be confirmed.
But I'm not done yet!
10,000 MARKS REWARD
-Christ, here we go again!
-This is horrible!
The print's too small.
You in front, read it out loud!
-Let him read!
-Hey! Quiet!
"The terror in our town has found a new victim."
Louder!
We can't hear a word!
"Certain evidence leads us to believe that this is the same murderer who has already claimed eight victims from among our city's children.
We must emphasize once again that it is, now more than ever, every mother and father's sacred duty to alert their children to this ever present danger and to the friendly guise it is likely to assume.
A little candy, a toy, or an apple can suffice to lure a child to his or her doom."
Very true!
Keep reading.
"Anxiety among the general public is heightened by the police's failure to apprehend a suspect.
But the police are faced with the almost impossible task of catching a criminal who left not the slightest clue behind.
Who is the murderer?
What does he look like?
Where is he hiding?
No one knows him, yet he is among us.
Anybody sitting next to you could be the murderer."
Yes, that's very true.
-Why look at me when you say that?
-You know very well.
What do I know very well?
Think about it. It'll come to you.
What are you saying?
I saw you follow that little girl from the fourth floor up the stairs.
You're crazy, you dirty swine!
Who's the swine?
Me, or a man who chases little girls?
You bastard!
Murderer!
Gentlemen!
I'll see you in court!
I'll have you locked up!
Slanderer! Trying to ruin my reputation!
Damn slanderer! Besmirching a man's good name!
And the police fall for it!
A search warrant!
How awful! What a disgrace!
Searching a man's house based on an anonymous letter!
Mr Jger, please calm down. We're only doing our job.
As if it weren't enough that we're in constant fear for our kids!
You see? That's why the police must follow up every lead.
Any man on the street could be the murderer.
Can you please tell me what time it is?
Yes, my child.
Now you must hurry home. Where do you live?
What's it to you where the kid lives?
What do you want with that kid?
Absolutely nothing!
What do you want with me?
I'll show you what I want!
Let me go! This is an outrage!
-What's going on?
-This is an outrage!
-What does Four-Eyes want?
-Don't get so excited.
-First chatting up children...
-Punch him in the face!
...then acting like a big shot!
Will you let me go! I didn't even speak to the child!
-Get her alone, eh?
-And kill her like the others, right?
-He's the murderer! -Hold him!
Call the police!
-Never around when you need 'em! -Officer!
Make way, gentlemen. Let us through.
Sure, you can catch pickpockets! Why don't you catch the murderer instead!
What?
Is he the murderer?
Break it up! Come on, move along!
-The murderer! -The monster!
Get him!
Tackle him!
MURDERER WRITES TO THE PRESS
This is a terrible scandal!
Imagine the effect such a note will have on the public, Commissioner!
This is simply irresponsible!
Mr Secretary, we cannot stop the murderer from writing to whomever he wishes!
This severely pathological man probably takes great pleasure in seeing his crimes covered in the press.
We immediately got in touch with the newspaper and had them send us the original letter.
The lab's working on it right now.
Of course, you can't get good fingerprints from a postcard that's passed through so many hands.
Nevertheless, we will leave no stone unturned.
We'll painstakingly compare the results against our archives in hopes of finding something that can be used to solve this case.
Then we'll send the letter to our graphologist.
"The aforementioned diamond-shaped and swelling sweeps, clearly seen in the word 'soon', third line from the bottom..."
-You got that?
-Yes.
"...attest to the strongly pathological sexuality of this sex offender."
Full stop.
The partially disrupted and uneven style of his other letters is, in its interpretation, a form of acting which may manifest externally as indolence or even lethargy.
The writing as a whole displays elusive yet unmistakable signs of madness.
Yes, of course, Commissioner.
I have no doubt you're doing your job, and your men as well.
But we need results!
Results!
Mr Secretary, my men haven't gotten 12 hours' sleep in an entire week!
My riot squads don't get a moment's peace.
They report for duty almost more fatigued than when they were dismissed.
because the painstaking nature of their work wears on the nerves, and 80%, if not 90%, of our leads are false.
The homicide squad doesn't even get time to change clothes.
They're constantly on call, always tense and alert.
ever ready to spring into action, to follow even the slightest lead, as it just might be the one that solves the case.
Mr Secretary, just consider the search of the crime scene.
To give you an example, in the bushes just behind a picket fence, a small, white, crumpled paper wrapping was found.
It apparently once contained inexpensive sweets.
In the outermost corner were found traces of fruit drops and particles of powdered sugar.
We've tried to trace the origin of this wrapper in every candy shop and grocery store within a radius of a mile and a half, but all to no avail.
With each passing day we expand the area searched.
But, of course, after such a long time, no one remembers anything that could serve as a lead.
Despite all these setbacks, we're forced to press on in our investigation, always in uncertainty and with little chance of success in bringing the case even one step closer to its conclusion.
What good is all this?
Commissioner, I'm aware you're not dawdling, but that doesn't change the fact that an unknown killer is terrorizing four and a half million people!
And the police are getting nowhere!
Mr Secretary, you don't seem to have a clear picture of the enormous obstacles confronting our forces.
Do you realize, for example, regarding the route the child took home, that there are fifteen conflicting eyewitness accounts alone?
Let me give you a random example:
"Testimony 1,478 in the Beckmann murder case..."
-You've got no clue. -More than you, mister!
Gentlemen!
You must at least know the color of the cap the little girl wore whom you say you saw with the stranger!
Of course, Inspector.
It was red!
-It was green!
-Red!
Stop! This is pointless!
-Thank you, gentlemen.
Next witness.
If you rely on a color-blind man for clues, don't be surprised if you get nowhere!
In their hunt for this unknown killer, the police have tracked down more than 1,500 detailed leads.
The files in this case fill 60 thick volumes.
We've dispatched all our forces to systematically comb the area adjoining the city.
Every piece of undergrowth is scoured, every thicket searched.
every bush examined, since any bush or hollow could harbor some object that could finally set us on the right track.
We called in police dogs.
We set the best trackers on the faintest of traces, but they lost the scent and failed to pick it up again despite all efforts.
Since the first murders, the police have searched homeless shelters night after night, subjecting everyone in them to thorough scrutiny.
This does not, of course, make the police very popular, nor does it reduce the general public's anxiety.
Railway stations are kept under surveillance around the clock.
Still, the investigation has not yet yielded the slightest results. nor have nightly raids in the criminal districts.
The cops!
Let me go, you dirty bastard!
Let me go, you son of a bitch!
Goddamn bastard!
Put me down!
Let me go!
Let her go, you filthy pig!
Quiet!
Quiet!
Police orders:
nobody is to leave this establishment.
Get your papers ready.
Please!
Well, if it isn't Tubby Lohmann!
Quiet!
That'll get you nowhere.
-Go after the murderer instead! -Right!
Quiet!
Be reasonable now!
Let's go! Come on, let's see those papers!
-I haven't got any. -Let's see your papers.
Please let me go, Inspector!
Have your papers ready!
-Haven't we met before? -Yeah. So?
Off to the precinct again!
Anyone without papers goes down to the precinct!
I tell you, I'm innocent, really!
Stop talking nonsense!
-Show your papers! -Where's the paddy wagon?
Don't push.
Everyone will get their turn.
Have your papers ready!
Your papers.
Inspector, I can't carry my birth certificate around with me everywhere!
-Quit your bellyaching, child.
The precinct for you!
You make me puke!
Shoddy work, my friend.
-Precinct. -See you, Willy. Ta-ta!
Lay off!
Next.
Stuck-up snob.
What's wrong?
-Papa Lohmann... -...nabbed him!
UNSOLVED BURGLARY AT FURRIER'S
We'd better take you down to the precinct too.
What do you mean?
My papers are in order.
Move on.
Move on!
Tough luck!
Next.
-Papers.
-Don't got none.
To the precinct.
Just my luck.
Next, come on.
You're ruining my business, Sarge.
These raids every night.
No one can get a moment's peace!
They're human beings too.
You think we stay up all night just for the hell of it?
No.
But you're drivin' away my clientele, and you won't find the guy you're lookin' for here anyway.
If you knew how steamed they are at the guy who's causing these raids.
Especially the girls.
Sure, they solicit. Business is business.
But believe me, in every one of them beats a mother's heart!
I know a lot of toughs who get all teary-eyed just seein' the little ones at play.
If they ever get their hands on that monster, they'll make toothpicks out of him!
Ready to leave, Sergeant.
So long.
They hit the Crocodile Club today.
Two paddy wagons.
What's keeping Safecracker?
Is it 3:00 yet?
I'll find out.
The exact time, please, miss.
2:58.
Thank you.
2:58.
The cops are crawling the streets like ants again.
Green coats wherever you spit.
They're on your back even if you're with a broad.
They've gone nuts, got this murderer on the brain.
My old lady has a little six-year-old girl, and every night I have to check under the bed to see if the murderer's hiding there.
You can't do business anymore for tripping over cops everywhere.
There's no privacy anymore.
I'm fed up with it.
What else is new?
-Where the heck is Safecracker?
-Think they might have nabbed him?
That guy? Come on. Scotland Yard laid a trap for him once on a bank job he pulled in London.
There he was, hands up, back to the wall cops all around him.
Seconds later there were three men dead on the ground, but he wasn't one of them!
No one better from Berlin to San Francisco.
They've been after him six years and they've yet to get him.
Not yet. But put enough dogs on the fox's tail...
Can it!
Damn it!
I can't take this!
He was always right on time before.
-Thank God!
-Finally.
Morning!
Are you nuts?
Close those blinds!
Gentlemen, I hereby open this meeting.
I declare all division leaders of this organization present.
I assume you're authorized to make binding decisions for your divisions.
We'll dispense with the preliminaries, as we all know why we're here.
An outsider is ruining our business and our reputation.
Measures taken by the police and the daily raids to catch this child murderer are hampering our activities to an almost unbearable degree.
We can no longer tolerate the fact that we're not safe now in any hotel, bar, caf or even private home from the clutches of the police.
Very true.
This state of affairs must end.
Things must return to normal or we'll go under.
Our coffers will soon be depleted.
If we can't get funds to support the wives of those members who currently enjoy room and board at state expense,
I don't know where we'll find the money to carry out our plans.
Our reputation is suffering as well.
The police seek the murderer in our fold.
Gentlemen, when I run head-on into an officer from the squad, he knows the potential risks, and so do I.
If either dies in the line of duty, fine. Occupational hazard.
But we must draw a firm line between ourselves and this man they're looking for!
We conduct our business in order to survive, but this monster has no right to survive!
He must be killed, eliminated, exterminated!
Without mercy or compassion!
Gentlemen, our members must be able to go about their business again without frantic cops in their way at every turn.
I invite your views, gentlemen.
Step up ID checks, comb the entire city, and raids, relentless, ever tougher raids!
We need informers!
We must know the police's plans almost before they do themselves!
The girls gotta work the cops more!
How often has one of us been nabbed because his girl ratted on him to the cops? Now they can rat on the cops!
Every resident, every landlord, every property owner must be forced to consent to meticulous searches of his property for the slightest of clues.
What if we... We have our connections.
What if we put an article in the papers that our syndicates, I mean, our organization, doesn't wish to be lumped in together with this pig, and that the cops should look for this guy somewhere else.
He's not even a real crook!
This man may well be, when not engaged in the actual act of killing, a harmless, upstanding citizen who wouldn't hurt a fly.
In his right mind, perhaps he plays marbles with his landlady's kids or plays cards with friends.
Without what I'll call the innocuousness of these murderers' private lives, it's inconceivable that someone like Grossmann or Haarmann could have lived right next door to their neighbors for years without arousing the faintest trace of suspicion!
This is where we must focus the public's attention. The public must cooperate.
I'll tell you about public cooperation!
Just thinking of it makes me puke.
I beg your pardon, Commissioner.
But ain't it the truth?
What the devil has public cooperation gotten us so far?
Piles of letters full of the most outrageous slander!
Very true.
They alert homicide whenever a chimney sweep walks by.
But when you really want reliable information from them, then they suddenly haven't got a clue.
Why, they just can't seem to remember a thing. There's your public cooperation for you!
I believe you're exaggerating a bit, Lohmann.
It can't really be that bad, can it?
But it is, Commissioner!
Most of the public still takes the position, "How does this concern me?".
The idea that each individual is responsible for what happens to the poorest, most anonymous child on the street hasn't even dawned on the public at large!
I've got another idea. There was this magician.
Te... Tele... I can't remember what you call it.
Anyway, he could conjure up hidden pennies out of handkerchiefs.
The reward is still far too little money.
The man who leads us to the murderer should get a fortune.
None of this is anything new.
This is all leading nowhere.
So we just wait for the police to catch the guy instead?
The difficulties in solving crimes of this nature are, in my experience, often insurmountable, since perpetrator and victim are often brought together by mere chance.
The instincts of the moment drive the murderer's actions.
The victim is found and identified, his or her last known whereabouts are determined, and then... then comes the big question mark.
These children vanish without a trace.
And when they're found...
Well, we all know the state in which we've found them.
And the perpetrator...
It's a fact well-known to all of us that murderers like this rarely leave a clue behind.
That's what makes our work so hard, our successes so few.
The police have been after this murderer for eight months now.
-They'll only get him by accident now. -We can't wait for that.
No, we'll go broke by then.
What, then?
We have to catch him ourselves.
Yes, that's what we must do.
There is perhaps one other way.
I'm quite certain that information on the individual in question must already exist somewhere.
Being the severely pathological case that he is, he has no doubt already had some kind of contact with the authorities.
That's why all health care facilities, prisons, clinics and insane asylums must be encouraged to cooperate with us unequivocally.
We specifically need information on those released after being deemed harmless to society but who, due to their inclinations, could be the murderer.
We must cover the city with a net of informers. Every square mile must be under constant surveillance.
No child in this city must take a single step without us knowing it.
-Fine, but how? -And who?
It must be people who can go anywhere without causing a stir, follow anyone without attracting attention, follow any child to any house without arousing suspicion.
In short, people whom the killer would never suspect.
-But who?
-There are no such people!
-Who could do that?
-Who?
The beggars.
The organization of beggars!
Blood pudding's on the upswing.
God, this cheese stinks so good.
Take that, you sons of bitches!
Hey, stop snoring.
You'll wake up the lice.
Two, four, six...
SANDWICHES
All right. Now come the courtyards.
Yes, from number 1 to 88.
Next.
You're responsible for the courtyards on Hauptstrasse from 1 to 88.
Got it.
What's next?
Hauptstrasse, from number 89...to 196.
Hauptstrasse, number 89 to 196.
-Member number?
-3795. Emil Dustermann.
Well, Emil, maybe you'll win the 15,000.
Knock on wood.
My heartfelt thanks, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you.
In searching homes, be on the lookout for any clue which could establish the origin of the murderer's letter to the Courier.
Be on the lookout as well for an old wooden table...
Idiot!
...or red pencil...
Come in.
... or writing paper of the type used by the killer.
Inspector, here are reports on mental patients who've been released as cured or deemed harmless over the last five years.
Reports from every private and public institute, as well as from municipal hospitals and asylums.
And here's a list of their present addresses.
Good day. Does a Mr Beckert live here?
-Pardon me?
-Does a Mr Beckert live here?
I'm afraid I don't understand. I'm a bit hard of hearing.
You don't say. Does a Mr Beckert live here?
Mr Beckert, yes, he does.
But he just stepped out.
I had hoped to speak with him.
I'm from the tax office.
The tax office. Oh, my Lord!
Perhaps you'd like to wait for him...
Yes, thank you.
-Please have a seat. -Thank you.
-Perhaps you'd like something to read.
-Thank you. Most kind.
Tell me, Mrs Winkler, does Mr Beckert subscribe to any newspapers?
Mr Beckert?
No, he always borrows mine.
I see. Thank you.
Mummy!
I wanted to meet you halfway!
Child, you mustn't do that.
You know why.
Good day. What would you like?
Coffee.
No, a vermouth.
No, a cognac.
Here you are.
Another.
The bill.
Two cognacs...
That's 1.65, please.
Thank you very much.
"Number 24:
Beckert.
Doesn't take the Courier.
Table: polished mahogany, with tablecloth.
No traces of red pencil. In fact, no writing materials of any kind.
Printed matter found in wastebasket:
cigar ad and a postcard with flowers and 'Regards, Paul' on it, but no address of sender.
An empty cigarette pack, Ariston brand, a bag of candy..."
Just a moment.
Ariston?
What was that?
I'd like the file on the Marga Perl murder case.
Thank you very much.
That's odd.
I've heard that before.
It was...
It was...
Hey, Heinrich!
What is it?
-What's wrong? -Listen. Someone's whistling.
Can't you hear it?
There.
Now he's stopped.
Did you see the guy who was whistling?
Yes, I can still see him.
Heinrich, he's talking to a little girl and walking her down the street.
-After him, quick, and don't lose him! -Why?
The day little Elsie Beckmann was killed, a man bought a balloon from me.
He was with a little girl and he whistled just like that!
Damn it, man!
Are you crazy, throwing orange peels on the ground?
A man could slip and break his neck!
Unbelievable!
I should report you to the police! Outrageous behavior!
Hey, mister.
Here it is.
"In a 150-foot radius of the crime scene, three cigarette butts of the Ariston brand were found." There you have it.
Yes, it may be the same brand of cigarettes, but there was no old wooden table.
Of course, he could have written that letter somewhere else.
Good God! The window ledge!
You're right.
Just a minute.
Red pencil.
My God, finally!
We're finally on his trail.
What?
They're on his trail?
-Did they find him?
-The beggars found him.
-His whistling gave him away.
-They put a mark on him.
Shut up!
What did you say?
They're following the mark. He isn't out of sight for a second.
His every move is being watched.
-Mister. -What is it?
-You got some white stuff on your coat.
-Where?
On your shoulder.
Here, I'll wipe it off.
-What's the matter?
-Come on. We're leaving.
He didn't come out this way. We would've seen him.
Out of the question!
-Well, he didn't turn back. -He has to be somewhere, damn it!
Maybe he's hiding inside the building.
Closing time!
We can't let him get away in the crowd!
If he slips through now...
They're starting to come out!
Out in the street, and keep your eyes peeled!
Turn off the light.
He'll get suspicious if he comes home and sees it on.
What time is it, anyway?
Almost 6:30.
He's gotta still be inside!
He definitely didn't come out with the office crowd.
No, just a moment.
The beggars have called for backup and surrounded the whole building.
They figure the guy's hiding in the building.
What sort of building is it?
What sort of building is it?
Nothing but offices.
I don't know what's in the basement.
There's a branch of the local savings bank on the ground floor, and the second to sixth floors are nothing but offices.
Above that is the attic space.
This is unbelievable.
Anyone still in there?
Anyone still in here?
What the devil!
Anybody still in here?
Damn carelessness!
All that trouble for one door.
Seems the guy's cornered now.
I think we should tip the cops off right away.
-I agree. -Let's not waste time!
Stay by the phone and call back in a few minutes.
What is it?
Are you crazy or something?
The police?
No!
We're gonna get this guy ourselves!
Listen, the time now is... 8:00.
All right. 9:00, 10:00... At 11:00!
Evening. Did you know your gate isn't closed?
What?
That's impossible!
Why I just... Wait, it is!
Open up, quick!
And not a sound!
Come on!
Move it!
Let's go!
Come on, move it!
How many other watchmen are in the building?
Don't want to answer?
Very well.
There are still two watchmen on their rounds.
Goddamn it!
Damn piece of crap!
Goddamned lock!
Damn it to hell!
Shit!
Careful where you shine those lights!
And don't stomp around like elephants!
He's not in the basement.
We went through it all and found nothing.
Two men are still going through the boiler room.
Hold it!
This is the last one.
Go up and join Emil. He needs help.
Safecracker sent me.
All right.
Listen carefully.
This is a new type of time clock.
Here's a general diagram.
If they're not set at exactly the right minute, an alarm automatically goes off at the nearest police station.
You got it?
-I'm not an idiot! -Well...
He's not in the boiler room or the coal room.
We turned over every piece of coal.
Hey! Are you nuts?
What if the doors are wired? You want the police here in five minutes?
We gotta get in if we're gonna search the whole place!
But not through the door, you idiot!
Go through the ceiling of the office above!
Nothing.
All right. Down we go.
Hey, what's up?
Hey! What is it?
Wait a minute! Answer me, damn it!
-What's going on?
-I heard some banging!
-Where are you off to?
-Why are you running?
Wait, damn it!
I've gotta see Safecracker!
He's in the attic, I tell you!
I heard him knocking!
Quiet!
Go on! He has to be in there!
Here's the light switch.
Force the locks.
Come on.
Hurry up!
Got him!
I found the guy! He's in the attic!
I heard someone banging, and I told Safecracker.
He's up there with eight men.
They'll get him any moment now.
Just came down to fill you in.
If I hadn't been alert, we could've looked for him for hours!
The watchman!
Three...one...four.
314.
-Everybody out! -What?
-The cops will be here in five minutes.
-Damn it!
Who called them?
-The watchman rang the alarm.
Hold it!
Quiet down!
Five more minutes, six more storage sheds.
Move it! Get going!
Not like that!
Out of the way!
-He's not in here. -Next door!
Come on!
Faster!
-He's not here either.
-Move on! Next door!
Quickly!
We've only got three minutes left!
No padlock on this one...
He must be here!
Open it!
-Something's jammed inside. -Let me do it!
Hurry!
Only one minute left!
There he is, the dog!
Come on!
Move it!
Everybody out!
Get out while you can, damn it!
Move it!
For Christ's sake, get going!
-What's keeping the others?
-They're coming!
If not, they might as well stay here, with or without the guy!
What in the hell is keeping them?
Finally! Thank God!
Quick now! Go!
Make it snappy!
He's not down here.
Hey! Who pulled up the rope?
Hey, who pulled up the rope?
Bunch of morons!
Hello there.
Hands up!
How can I put my hands up when I'm holding on to the rope?
Come out of there!
I'm really innocent this time like a newborn babe.
This may surprise you, Franz but I believe you.
Then everything's in order, and I can go now, right?
Just a moment.
Cigarette?
Uh-oh.
I'll take your word for it, Franz, provided you can tell me
who the man was that you were looking for and that you found in that building.
I don't understand, Inspector.
A man, you say?
I know nothing about that. There must be some mistake.
I know nothing. Nothing at all.
Of course.
There's just one thing I don't get:
why you're covering up for the gang who left you in the lurch.
Fine friends, running off when things heat up, leaving you right in the fire.
Phooey!
That ploy won't work with me, Inspector.
Listen...
What can happen to me anyway?
Maybe a little property damage, so what?
Nothing was pinched!
But something was pinched, my friend!
What?
Something got pinched?
How much?
Tell me what you know and I'll do the same.
I already told you. I know nothing.
Very well.
Give it some thought, Franz.
Leave a man alone for a couple hours and a lot comes back to him that he couldn't remember before.
Take him away.
Send the night watchman in.
Mr Damowatz.
Please sit down.
Now then, you said in your statement...
Listen carefully, in case you have to testify under oath later.
You clearly heard one of the burglars say to the guy guarding you,
"We got him. I found the guy. He's in the attic."
-Is that correct?
-Yes, Inspector.
Yes, I'll swear to that anytime.
Good.
Go home now and recover from your ordeal.
But please remain available for further questioning.
Of course, Inspector.
Good morning, Inspector.
Tell me, is Inspector Lohmann in the building?
He's talking to someone?
No, it doesn't matter.
I'll come over myself.
What?
I see.
Hasn't come home yet, eh?
Did you keep an eye on the old Winkler woman too?
Come in.
Come in!
Listen, the whole block is surrounded.
If he decides to go home, he has to run into us.
So just keep on waiting.
If anything happens, I'll be here at the precinct.
Damn it!
What do you want?
I wanted to ask a favor of you.
Dishwater again!
I wanted to ask you...
Read this first.
-A statement?
-Yeah.
An office building was broken into.
Bennostrasse?
That's a respectable part of town.
Perhaps not that respectable after all.
Hell, this is getting serious!
What the... Did they mean to empty the brothel?
What could they have been looking for in the coal?
Incredible!
Unbelievable!
I'll be damned!
This is madness!
So they were after the savings bank!
Good God! What could this mean?
I don't understand at all.
They didn't even touch it?
Must've been a bunch of real idiots!
I'll be damned!
Isn't that something?
Nothing stolen, but a man was carried off.
God knows where they took him.
That's just great.
And Franz isn't talking.
He's afraid, of course.
Guys like him would rather jump out the fifth-floor window than be mixed up in a murder rap.
What if we could get at him from that angle?
Lohmann, if you'd be willing to help me out...
Very clever. I see the wheels turning.
Let's send for this Franz.
You're wanted for questioning.
What?
They sent four guys for me?
-What's this about?
-Move it!
"Homicide squad.
Inspector Karl Lohmann."
What do you want with me?
What have I got to do with the homicide squad?
Yes, young man, your case has been turned over to me.
But why?
Why?
You boys did your work a little too well.
One of the watchmen...
Dead?
Accessory to murder.
Nasty business.
Inspector, I've had enough!
I want no part of this!
I'll tell you everything I know!
Very sensible, but, unfortunately, too late.
It can't be too late!
It can't be!
I'll tell you everything!
Even what we were looking for in that damn building.
Well...
The child murderer!
What?
Who?
The child murderer, Inspector.
Just a moment.
This had to happen to me!
Me, of all people.
Come sit down, my boy.
We're gonna level with each other, got it?
Certainly, Inspector.
And God help you if you pull something.
Now then, what have you boys got to do with the murderer and where was the guy taken?
Well, Inspector you know the old Kuntz Ley distillery?
The one that went belly-up in the Depression?
That's the one.
Since then, the building's stood empty, and no one gives a damn about it.
Get out here!
Let me go!
What have I done to you?
You swine!
Let go of me!
Bastards!
Swine! What do you want from me?
What do you want...
Help!
Help!
Let me out of here!
I want out!
Let me out of here!
You'll never get out of here.
Gentlemen, I beg of you! I don't even know what you want with me.
I beg you, let me go.
This whole thing must be a mistake!
A mis...
No. No mistake. Out of the question.
No.
No mistake.
You recognize this?
You bought a balloon just like this for little Elsie Beckmann.
Just like this one.
No!
Where did you bury little Marga Perl, you bastard?
But I never...
I never even met her!
You never even met her!
I suppose you never met her either?
Or her?
You never met her either?
-Stop him!
-Grab him!
-Stop him!
-Don't let him escape!
Watch out!
The door!
-Let me out!
-Punch him in the face!
Let go of me!
-You have no right to treat me this way!
-We'll show you we do!
You have no right to hold me here!
Right?
There's only one thing right for a man like you - death!
-Right!
Kill him! -Kill the rabid dog!
-Ice him! -Let him have it!
Quiet!
Kill him!
You spoke of right just now.
We will be your right.
Everyone sitting here is an expert in the rule of law!
From six weeks in Tegel prison to 15 years in Brandenburg.
They'll make sure you get your rights.
You'll even have defense counsel.
Everything according to the letter of the law.
Defense counsel?
I need no defense counsel! Who's gonna prosecute me?
You, perhaps?
Hey, you.
If I were you, I wouldn't make big speeches.
Your head's at stake here, in case you hadn't noticed.
And just who are you?
I have the dubious pleasure of serving as your defense.
Though I'm afraid it won't do you much good.
Do you all want to kill me?
You want to just wipe me out?
We simply want to put you out of commission.
And we'll only be sure of that when you're dead.
But you can't murder me just like that!
I demand to be handed over to the police!
I demand to be brought before a real court of law!
That's a good one!
-You'd like that, wouldn't you? -Look who's talking!
So you can plead insanity and spend the rest of your life being cared for by the state.
And then you break out of the asylum or receive a pardon, and you're happy as can be, free to kill with impunity, protected by law on grounds of insanity and you're back to chasing little children!
No, no more of that!
You must be taken out of action!
You must go!
But I can't help it!
I can't...
I really can't...help it!
We know that one!
Before the judge, we all "can't help it".
What would you know?
What are you talking about?
Who are you anyway?
Who are you?
All of you.
Criminals.
Probably proud of it, too.
Proud you can crack a safe or sneak into houses or cheat at cards.
All of which it seems to me you could just as easily give up if you had learned something useful, or if you had jobs or if you weren't such lazy pigs.
But me?
Can I do anything about it?
Don't I have this cursed thing inside me?
This fire, this voice, this agony?
So you mean to say you have to kill?
I have to roam the streets endlessly, always sensing that someone's following me.
It's me!
I'm shadowing myself!
Silently...but I still hear it!
Yes, sometimes I feel like I'm tracking myself down.
I want to run, run away from myself!
But I can't!
I can't escape from myself!
I must take the path that it's driving me down and run and run down endless streets!
I want off!
And with me run the ghosts of the mothers and children.
They never go away.
They're always there!
Always!
Always!
Except when I'm doing it.
When I...
Then I don't remember a thing.
Then I'm standing before a poster, reading what I've done.
I read and read...
I did that?
I don't remember a thing!
But who will believe me?
Who knows what it's like inside me?
How it screams and cries out inside me when I have to do it!
Don't want to!
Must!
Don't want to! Must!
And then a voice cries out, and I can't listen anymore!
Help!
I can't!
I can't!
The accused has stated that he can't help himself.
In other words, he must commit murder.
With that he has pronounced his own death sentence.
Right!
A man who claims that he's compelled to destroy the lives of others, such a man must be extinguished like a bonfire!
Such a man must be obliterated!
Wiped out!
May I address the court?
Counsel for the defense has the floor.
My learned colleague who just spoke, who is, if I'm not mistaken, wanted by the police on three counts of manslaughter...
That's irrelevant here.
...has claimed that the fact that my client was acting compulsively warrants the death sentence.
That's right!
He is mistaken, because the very nature of compulsion warrants an acquittal!
Get outta here, will you?
Are you nuts, or plastered?
It is precisely the nature of compulsion that relieves him of responsibility for his actions!
And a man cannot be punished for that for which he is not responsible!
-Ridiculous! -You mean this monster should go free?
That he should live?
I'm saying that this man is sick, and you turn a sick man over to a doctor, not an executioner.
-Will you guarantee his cure?
-What does the state build asylums for?
-What if he breaks out?
-Or he's declared cured and released?
And one fine day the killing starts all over?
Another month-long manhunt!
Once again the insanity clause, once again the asylum!
Another breakout or possible release!
And again "must kill"!
Is this supposed to go on indefinitely?
No one has the right to kill a man who cannot be held responsible for his crimes!
Not even the state, and all of you least of all!
The state must ensure that this man is rendered harmless so that he ceases to be a danger to society!
You never had kids, did you?
Then you never lost any either.
But if you wanna know what it's like when a little child is taken from you, just ask the parents whose kids he took away!
Ask them about the days and nights not knowing what had happened, and later, when they finally found out...
Why don't you ask the mothers?
You should ask the mothers!
Think you'd get mercy from any of them for murdering their kids?
-The woman's right!
No mercy for the killer!
-Let him have it!
-Slaughter the bastard!
-Kill the monster!
-Kill him!
-Put the animal to death!
-Kill him!
-Waste him!
-Get rid of him!
-Annihilate the monster!
I will not let you shout me down!
I will not allow a murder to be committed in my presence.
I demand that this human being...
That's not a human being!
...that this human being be afforded the same protection under the law rendered the common criminal!
I demand that he be handed over to the police!
The police!
Of all the dumb...
In the name of the law...
In the name of the people...
This will not bring our children back.
One has to keep closer watch over the children!
All of you!
This way?
Thank you.
- What can I do for you?
- I'd Iike to see Mr Hardy.
oliver NorviIIe Hardy.
Room 1 4. Next to the solarium.
Thank you, Doctor.
Did you wish to see someone?
- I want to see Mr Hardy.
- Oh, he's in room 1 4 on the top floor.
could you tell me where room 1 4 is, please?
Right down to the end of the hall.
Is that the room next to the aquarium?
Aquarium?
Oh, you mean the solarium!
Come in.
How do you feel?
Fine.
I didn't expect to see you here today.
well, I didn't have anything else to do, so I thought I'd drop in and see you.
Thank you!
You're welcome.
What have you got there?
I brought you some hard-boiIed eggs and some nuts.
Now, you know I can't eat hard-boiIed eggs and nuts.
If you wanted to bring something, why not bring a box of candy?
They cost too much.
What has that got to do with it?
You didn't pay me for the Iast box I brought you.
- Have one? - No.
I'd rather not.
Hard-boiIed eggs and nuts!
Don't put your hand in there, I have to drink that water!
Ah!
Good morning, good morning, good morning!
And how is my little patient today?
Just fine, thank you, Doctor.
This is my friend Mr laurel.
I hope I find you well.
Thank you, ma'am.
See...
Miss Smith, give this to the patient in room 22.
Yes, ma'am.
How long do you think I'II be in here?
(Doctor) Oh, at Ieast a couple of months.
(OIIie) Gee, that's great. This is the first time I've had such a wonderful rest.
Put that down!
Oh! Oh! Get me...
Get me down! Oh! Oh!
help! Get me down! Oh!
Oh, my leg! Aah! Oh!
Oh, my leg!
Oh!
Oh, my...
Oh, my leg! Get me down!
Hey!
Hey, do something to help me!
- (yells)
- Aah! Get me down!
Oh, my leg!
Oh!
(OIIie, yelling) Don't let go! Look out, hold it!
Oh-ho!
Get me...!
Oh!
Hey, do something to help!
(OIIie) Don't let go!
Don't let go!
Put that there.
Look what you've done!
Why, Doctor!
You may go.
Get out of here!
Most embarrassing!
As for you, get your clothes on and get out of here at once! Do you understand?
You had nothing else to do, so you thought you'd come around and see me.
Here I was for the first time in my Iife, having a nice, peaceful time,
and you had to come and spoil it.
Get my clothes.
Hard-boiIed eggs and nuts!
You know you can't get them over that foot!
Get the scissors and cut the leg off.
The leg of the pants!
Get me the scissors.
Hind to front.
congratulate me, Hardy, old thing.
The doctor says I may go home.
That's great.
I'm going home too.
How perfectly ripping!
Oh-ho-ho!
Give me those scissors!
I'm all a-fIutter.
- Hardy, old bean, what do you think?
- What?
I have on your trousers by mistake.
Oh, I say!
Excuse me.
Miss wallace, will you refill this, please?
The visitor in room 1 4 sat on it.
He'II sleep for a month.
Wait a minute.
I'II drive.
Wait a minute.
I'II stay right here.
well, well?
Come on, Iet's get going.
Just there...!
Oh!
Why don't you watch that...!
Mind that one.
Keep on that side.
Look thataway!
Brake!
Turn around there.
- (Horn blaring) - Look where you're going!
Aaah!
No!
Hey!
Get that car out of here!
Get that thing out of here and pull over there.
I wanna talk to you!
pull over there!
We didn't lie to you, folks.
We told you we had living, breathing monstrosities.
You laughed at them, shuddered at them... and yet, but for the accident of birth... you might be even as they are.
They did not ask to be brought into the world... but into the world they came.
Their code is a law unto themselves.
Offend one... and you offend them all.
And now, folks, if you'll just step this way... you are about to witness the most amazing... the most astounding living monstrosity... of all time.
Friends... she was once a beautiful woman.
A royal prince shot himself for love of her.
She was known as the peacock of the air.
She's the most beautiful big woman I have ever seen.
Why, Hans, how you talk.
I should be jealous pretty soon.
- Don't be silly. - Don't be silly?
I've seen these women making eyes at my Hans.
Of course, I ain't jealous.
Frieda, my dear...
I have eyes for only one woman... the woman I asked to be my wife.
Frulein Frieda?
Are you laughing at me?
- Why, no, monsieur. - Thanks.
I'm glad.
- Why should I laugh at you?
- Most big people do.
They don't realize I'm a man with the same feelings they have.
Thank you.
You are so kind, monsieur.
- Nice. - Don't.
You must come to see me sometime, and we'll have a little wine together.
Thank you, Frulein Cleo.
You're getting old, Jean.
Probably, last night you had too heavy a dinner, and now your imagination is...
But, Monsieur Duval, at first I could not believe my own eyes.
A lot of horrible, twisted things, you know, crawling, whining, laughing...
Be done, Jean.
What were you drinking last night?
Nothing, monsieur, I assure you.
Monsieur, there must be a law in France to smother such things at birth...
- or lock them up. - All right, Jean.
If there's anything like you say on my grounds, we'll have it removed.
- Come on, let's go. - All of you!
Tout de suite!
Go away, all of you!
Don't you know trespassing is the same as stealing?
I'm sorry, monsieur.
I am Madame Tetrallini.
These children are in my circus.
Children?
They're monsters.
Your circus. I understand.
So you see, monsieur, when I get a chance...
I like to take them into the sunshine... and let them play like... children.
That is what most of them are.
Children.
Please forget what was said, madame.
You are welcome to remain.
Au revoir.
Come, Jean.
Thanks a thousand, monsieur.
A thousand thanks, monsieur.
Shame!
How many times have I told you not to be frightened?
Have I not told you...
God looks after all his children?
- Good evening, Madame Tetrallini. - How are you, Madame Tetrallini?
Big crowd tonight.
There she goes, taking them out to exercise.
Nurse to a lot of mangy freaks.
"Just as they are represented on the banners...
"you will see them on the inside.
"Living, breathing monstrosities.
"Josephine Joseph, half-woman, half-man."
Have a cigar, Joseph.
You dropped your lipstick, Josephine.
Don't get her sore, or he'll bust you in the nose.
Come on.
Hurry up.
That's a boy.
You're all wrong.
I didn't do it.
What are you trying to do, be funny?
You just don't understand.
A Roman lady...
Getting off the bull and scratching yourself.
Can't a Roman lady itch?
- Why don't you take a bath?
- I did, but it's the bull that needs the bath.
I think she likes you... but he don't.
Those flowers you sent to me, they were beautiful.
But not much beautiful as you.
Thank you.
And Hans, I don't like to ask... but may I have the loan of another 1,000 francs... until my money from Paris arrives?
- With pleasure, Frulein. - Thank you.
I'll bring it to your wagon tonight.
Forget it.
- Maybe I was just fooling. - Fooling?
"Come, little girl, I want to take care of you."
And I fell for that.
Forget it.
So, you're quitting.
Is that it?
Maybe I'm only fooling.
You are not quitting me!
Because I'm kicking you out!
No, you don't.
I gave you this.
Why, you cheap...
Don't you come around crying tonight, trying to get back in.
I'm through wasting my time and money... on things like you.
Yes. Your time, but my money.
Ungrateful little tramp.
That is fine.
What are you staring at?
Didn't you ever see a lady move before?
I guess you've been listening to every word he said.
That's it.
Go ahead and laugh.
It's funny, ain't it?
Yeah. Women are funny, ain't they?
They're all tramps, ain't they?
Yeah.
Except when you can get money from them.
I'll be...
Who do you think you are, shooting off your head?
This is Phroso you're talking to.
Not any of those thugs you've been chasing around with.
- Now, you listen to me. - I didn't mean you.
- I had to take it out on somebody. - Yeah, you dames are all alike.
You're sharpshooting, you're cheap... and how you squeal when you get what's coming to you.
Easy, kid.
Cut it!
It's my own fault.
What gets me so cockeyed sore at myself... is that I fell for that big hunk of beef.
So you finally got wise to yourself, did you?
The funny thing about you women is most of you don't get wise soon enough.
You wait until you're so old, nobody wants you.
Nobody does, most of the time.
You ought to be tickled to death you're washed-up with him.
You're not so hard to look at.
Give yourself a tumble. You'll make the grade.
- Your breaks is coming. - Coming?
Gone, you mean.
Now you'll sit there feeling sorry for yourself.
No, I ain't.
Don't you ever accuse me of that.
All right.
But one thing, don't go out filling your hide with booze, celebrating... 'cause fun what's got that way never done no one no good.
Get me?
I got you.
You're a pretty good kid.
You're darn right I am.
You should have caught me before my operation.
- Hello, Phroso. - Well, well, well.
- Tomorrow night's the big night, Daisy?
- Yes, the sister's getting married.
- And I'm thrilled to death. - She thrills at anything.
- Roscoe's a good kid. - She's only joking.
She'll like him lots after she knows him better.
That reminds me.
Close your eyes, Violet.
Go ahead, close them.
- What did I do?
- Pinched Daisy's arm.
What do you know about that?
Her master's voice is calling.
Getting fresh?
I don't like it one...
Come on, you'll have to hurry.
We haven't much time.
So you were flirting with that cheap clown, were you?
- No, I wasn't. - He was doing a trick with me.
You shut up.
I'm marrying your sister, not you.
- I saw him getting familiar with you. - Come on, Daisy.
No, you don't.
She's going to stay right here.
No, she isn't.
I got to go.
You're always using that for an...
For an alibi.
Where are you going?
You don't look at others so much, do you?
Yes, I have seen you.
So that's how it is.
You got to be caught.
Well?
Come on in.
Help yourself to a drink.
That is fine.
Feel like eating something?
Always.
Prosit.
How many?
I'm not very hungry.
About six.
How do you like them?
Not bad.
But you are strong.
You are squeezing me to death.
And you'll like it.
You are taking my breath away.
You...
Now, here's something for your eye.
But, Hans, my Liebchen, you have not been listening... to a word I have been saying.
- Hans. - Yes, Frieda?
- You have not been listening to me. - Yes, I have, Frieda. I have.
Then what was I saying?
You were saying...
What were you saying?
I was saying, tonight you must not smoke such a big cigar.
Your voice was very bad at tonight's show.
Please, Frieda, don't tell me what I do.
When I want a cigar, I smoke a cigar.
I want no orders from a woman.
This is the first time since we have been engaged... you have spoken to me so.
Why is it?
Friedchen, I'm sorry.
I...
- Here's our coffee. - There it is.
- Five lumps of sugar in each. - What?
Five lumps?
The little ape sent to Paris for this?
Yes, Paris.
We're doing very well.
But I don't like fruit.
You should eat a lot.
It's good for you.
Next time, I tell him I like champagne.
- Who is it?
- It's Hans.
- Who?
- It's Hans.
My darling, your basket of fruit was lovely.
But I am... taking a bath now.
- Can't you come back later?
- Yes, Frulein.
Thank you, dear.
You'll spoil everything if he hears you.
What's the matter?
You ain't singing as usual.
This morning I have such a big washing to do.
How's Hans?
I said, how's Hans?
Hans is fine.
Danke, he's fine.
Frieda, something's wrong.
What is it?
Nothing.
Only...
That Cleopatra woman...
My Hans...
- I cannot tell it. - She's still after Hans, ain't she?
Yeah.
Always she's smiling by him.
Well, if she smiles by somebody I know... she'll have to buy herself a new set of teeth.
Why is it we women always has got to worry?
It's always been that way.
I guess it always will be.
Yeah.
And, by me, she has no shame.
Always, when I can hear it, she says to him:
"Many thanks, my darling, for the flowers.
"Thanks, my darling," for this... and "Thanks, my darling," for that.
Always something he has given her.
Don't you worry, Frieda.
He doesn't love her.
That big horse.
Yes, but she keeps after him.
That's why I worry.
Why not pink tights?
You know.
With spangles all around.
It will show her figure off more.
Nein.
No tights.
Without tights.
You know, that soft, flimsy, what-you-call-it stuff.
Where the figure shows through.
Why not like Lady Godiva?
Ja, that's it.
And I'll hire her to ride the back of my bull.
Dummkopf!
What have you on your shoulder for heads?
Swiss cheese?
- What's the matter, Cleo?
- I think I strained my shoulder last night.
Give a rub, will you?
Farther.
Down.
Over.
It's so good to be rubbed.
- Our cards, lady. - What for?
A couple of rubbers from Berlin.
That reminds me. I had a swell dream about you last night.
- You did? - Yeah.
You were standing in a bathing suit on a rock.
You know, like a statue.
The wind was blowing through your hair, the waves were washing around you.
And your figure.
How it stood out.
It looked great.
Say, you have got a good figure.
Do you think so?
- Sure. - Phroso.
Did you try that gag I told you about?
Yeah, I did, and it was a wow.
Get up here, Johnny.
I'll show it to you.
I did what you told me, and it laid them right in the sawdust.
Watch this, Venus.
- Hello, Venus. - Hello, Johnny.
Phroso, what else did you dream?
Then the dream changed.
We was in Paris.
- Paris?
- Yeah, at the opera, right in the front box.
- We were all dressed up. - What did I have on?
And did I look swell.
Everybody was pointing at me.
They were saying, "That's Phroso, the clown."
And was I embarrassed.
- Did they say anything about me?
- Sure.
- What did they say?
- Hit me.
Go ahead.
Hit me.
On the head.
Hit me.
That's how it is.
You don't think it's funny.
It's sad, is it?
It will just panic them, that's how sad it is.
No.
When?
Come on!
Come on, Venus.
The bearded lady's baby's born!
- Ain't it cute?
What is it?
- A girl.
Oh, boy, that's great.
And it's going to have a beard.
- How's the proud father?
- Fine.
- What was it?
- A girl.
Better luck next time. You may get a couple of Smith Brothers.
I'm trying.
Please, Violet, don't quarrel with him anymore.
If he's going to say anything, let him say it.
Don't let him "p-p-p" for an hour.
You're going to do as I say.
I'm the boss of my home.
- Half of it, you mean. - Please, Violet.
Listen here.
I don't want those tramps you go with... hanging around my wife.
Be quiet.
Hook up our dress.
If it isn't your dress I'm hooking up, it's something else.
And another thing.
You got to cut out getting drunk every night, too.
- Is that so?
- Yeah.
I'm not going to have my wife laying in bed half the day with your hangover.
Daisy, let's get out of here.
No, she don't.
She's going to stay right here.
Come on.
I got to go.
You're always using that for an...
For an alibi.
Cleopatra ain't one of us.
Why, we're just filthy things to her.
She'd spit on Hans if he wasn't giving her presents.
Let her try it.
Let her try doing anything to one of us.
You're right.
She don't know us, but she'll find out.
There you are.
I peeked out of the corner of my eye... and caught Madame Tetrallini giving us the once-over.
I guess she knows she's got a good act. One of the best in the business.
It isn't only our act that gets them.
We've got personality.
We know how to sell the stuff.
Same way in the last town.
Never heard such applause in your life.
Let me tell you something that everybody around here don't know.
We're only killing time with this circus.
We've got bigger time to follow, and we can do it, too.
Catch our act tomorrow night.
We got something new.
Yeah?
Can you do anything with your eyebrow?
Schlitze, what a pretty dress.
How beautiful you look tonight.
You're just a man's woman.
You know what I mean?
You.
If you're a good girl, when I get to Paris I'll buy you a big hat... with a long, beautiful feather on it.
- Hello, Elvira. - Hi.
Hello, Jennie Lee.
Look.
Hasn't Schlitze got a beautiful dress?
Isn't that pretty?
When I get to Paris, I'm going to buy her a big hat with a long feather on it.
And if you're good girls, I'll buy you a hat with a bigger feather on it.
Why, Schlitze, what's the matter?
I'm sorry, Schlitze.
Did you see him?
He was out there again tonight.
He followed you from the last town.
I know it, and if Eddie sees it, there'll be a fight.
- It ain't your fault. - There you are, Frances.
- Thought you'd gone to bed. - Hello, Rollo.
Hear that crowd out there again tonight?
I bet you thought the tent was on fire.
Well, it wasn't.
Just the Rollo Brothers panicking them again.
But then, we do it in every town.
We're so used to it, it's getting monotonous.
You want to take a look at our act tomorrow night.
Careful.
Don't waste any of it.
- Look how it sparkles. - Like your eyes.
Dancing, gay, like bubbles.
It's delicious.
Nice.
It comes by the finest vineyards of France.
And you sent for it especially for me?
For the most beautiful woman in all the world.
Darling.
Hello there, baby.
Where have you been so long?
You're a funny guy, Phroso.
- Sometimes, you panic me. - Don't I know it?
I panic the world because I use my noodle.
I think up funny gags.
I make the world laugh.
With me, clowning is an art.
Why the hat?
The head cold?
- Thought you and me had a date to go out. - I forgot all about it.
Well, I'm into this now.
I've got to go through with it.
Make it snappy, will you?
I'm all dolled up for the occasion.
Sorry, kid.
Can't do it now.
We'll make it some other time.
Don't feel that way about it.
I just got this idea all of a sudden.
I've got to finish it.
- Funny gag, isn't it?
- Yeah, I'm laughing myself sick.
Come on.
Honey, come on.
Now, now.
That's much better.
That's the first time you've ever done that.
- Ain't the first time I felt like doing it. - Yeah?
I don't mind telling you I've wanted to do this for a long time.
- We're all set now, Venus?
- Yeah.
- All set now. - Yeah.
Please do.
Don't you want to make me happy?
- Yes, but I don't know what to say. - Just say yes, dear.
Will you?
- Yes. - Violet.
What are your kicking about?
You've got a good wife.
You're happy.
It's that sister-in-law of mine.
She wants to sit up half the night, reading.
- That's tough. - Tough?
You...
- Good night, darling. - Good night, Frulein.
Cleo's gone on a diet.
- It's awfully sweet of you to say that. - And I know Violet will be happy.
Here's Roscoe.
- Hello. - Roscoe, this is Mr. Rogers.
Glad to meet you.
- Violet and he are engaged to be married. - Yeah?
Yes, and you must come to see us sometime.
Thanks.
You must come to visit...
Come to see us sometime, too.
I certainly will.
Thanks.
Who is it?
It's Frieda, Hans.
May I come in?
Yes, Frieda.
Now that I'm here, I don't know how to say it... how to make you understand.
If you knew how I feel, Hans... to come to you about her.
Frieda, I'm so sorry.
I don't want to hurt you, but ich kann es nicht helfen.
If you could be happy, Hans...
I would not care.
But I am happy, Frieda. Never in my life was I so happy.
No, Hans.
You think it only.
For you, she cannot bring happiness.
Frieda, you don't know.
But I do, Hans.
You think because she's so beautiful and I'm just...
Don't, Hans.
Please.
To me, you're a man.
But to her, you're only something to laugh at.
The whole circus.
They make fun by you and her.
Let them laugh.
The swine.
I love her.
They can't hurt me.
But they hurt me.
Frieda, I have been a coward.
I should have come to you in the beginning.
Please forgive me.
Yes, Hans, I forgive you.
It is only that you should be happy I want.
You won't worry now, will you?
No, I won't worry.
Nice.
Very nice.
It's platinum.
Say, where do you think that little polliwog is getting his money?
Listen at him. Getting so particular.
What do you care where the money comes from?
How much it's worth?
We got $500 for the bracelet, but this looks like thousands.
I think next time I'll take a fur coat.
Say, that little ape's got ideas about you.
- Jealous?
- Me?
I'd squish him like a bug.
That's his knock.
I'll get rid of him.
Go quickly.
Come in.
What do you want?
It's about Hans.
Well? I'm listening.
It's behind his back.
Everybody's laughing because he's in love with you.
Go on.
I know you just make fun... but Hans, he does not know this.
If he finds out... never again will he be happy.
What makes you think that I am just making fun?
You're big.
So beautiful...
And Hans is so little... so cute.
Well, maybe I'm going to marry him.
If you marry, it will be at you they laugh and stare.
That's good.
Nothing like being different.
Cleopatra... queen of the air, married to a dwarp.
- A dwarf. - A dwarp!
Then it's not for Hans you care.
- It's the money. - Money?
You little mind reader.
He has told you of the fortune he has inherited.
Always he swear to me... to tell no one until after we leave the circus.
A fortune?
And fancy you knowing about it, too.
Well, I can't be angry at him for that.
No.
You cannot do this.
You wait and see.
Please.
You can't.
A fortune.
I bet the little ape's worth billions!
A fortune.
Can you beat that?
A fortune.
And I have him like that.
Shrewd little Hans.
He knew enough to keep his mouth shut.
I could marry him.
Yes, he would marry me.
Midgets are not strong.
He could get sick.
How?
It could be done.
Done.
I know it.
Come on, my little precious. Come on, let's drink.
Big, happy drink.
Come on.
Quiet! Please be quiet.
Hey, Koo Koo, give somebody else a chance.
All right!
All right, professor.
A waltz, please.
Show him up, volcano.
Burn him up.
Our wedding night.
What a thrill.
Never before did I think I should be so lucky.
Lucky?
I am the lucky one.
My little Hans.
My Cleo's happy.
- Happy. - Happy?
I am so happy.
I even could kiss you, you big, homely brute.
My little green-eyed monster.
My husband is jealous.
He loves me.
Come, my little lover.
Drink to the happiness of your loving wife.
Attention!
We'll make her one of us.
A loving cup.
We accept her, one of us
We accept her
One of us
They're going to make you one of them.
My, big luck.
We accept her!
One of us!
They're going to make you one of them, my dear.
You dirty... slimy freaks!
Get out of here!
You!
Out!
Get out!
You heard her!
Get out!
You filth!
Make me one of you, will you?
Well, what are you going to do?
What are you, a man or a baby?
Please.
You make me ashamed.
Ashamed.
You?
Holy jumping Christmas!
What must I do?
Must I play games with you?
Must mama take you horsy-back ride?
That's it.
Horsy-back ride.
Come, my little flyspeck.
Mama is going to take you horsy-back ride.
- Come on. - Giddyap.
Forget it, Hans.
She is sorry.
I'm sorry.
Didn't I told you she was drunk?
Didn't I told you we was only having a little fun?
Please.
I understand.
- Everything. - No, you don't.
I tell you, there's nothing between me and Cleo.
Be quiet.
Haven't you done enough damage for one night?
Don't you realize what I'm being accused of?
I ain't going to be blamed for something I have not done.
I don't blame you, Cleo.
I don't blame Hercules.
Only me.
Myself.
Now you're talking.
- Talking like a man. - You fool.
Always I should have known... you would only laugh at me.
My sweet, I'd rather fall from the trapeze and break my neck... than hurt your feelings.
Do you understand now?
It was only joke.
Our wedding... a joke?
Now I know how funny it is.
Hans the midget.
Hans... the fool!
Tell the divorce court.
They'll laugh.
Everywhere, they're laughing.
- You give him too much. - No, I haven't.
I know what I am doing.
Come on, pick him up.
Doctor, what is it?
What caused it?
Poison.
A very bad case of ptomaine poisoning.
Doctor, did I do wrong, then?
Giving him mustard water?
No.
Probably saved his life.
Never before did he drink like that... but she kept making him, and making him.
Drink?
You better get Cleo to tell the doctor what she put in that wine last night.
- What you're talking about?
- The stuff she put in the wine.
You're crazy.
You can't get away with it.
I'll tell the coppers.
So, tell on your own people?
My people are decent circus folks.
Not dirty rats what would kill a freak to get his money.
You dirty little...
Your imagination's getting the best of you.
Yeah, maybe it is.
But coppers don't have imaginations, so I've been told.
Don't make me have to go to them.
- Cleo. - Yes?
It has been a week tonight... since we have been married.
A week, since I have said...
- all those things to you. - Don't!
Never can I forgive myself for what I've said.
I've forgotten it.
Nothing matters except for you to be well.
So good you are by me, Cleo.
I must fix your medicine, or I'll be late.
I'll be soon back, my little.
Don't be lonely.
I'll never forget what you are doing for me, Cleo.
But it's what I want to do, my darling.
Now I must hurry.
- Cleo. - Yes?
Will you leave the door open, please?
Yes, my darling.
- Tonight. - They will be ready.
All right.
You come to my wagon.
"I must hurry now and fix your medicine, my darling...
"or I will be late."
"Dirty...
"slimy freaks."
- He's waiting. - Fine.
Soon we go.
- You're imagining things. - No.
Then I hear Hercules tell Cleo:
"Venus knows too much."
- Hercules?
Venus?
- Yes.
Thanks, Frieda.
My little, you must go to sleep.
Your friends better go now.
- I like them here. - No, Hans.
They can come back tomorrow.
I will give you your medicine and get you off to sleep.
Go on, all of you.
Quick.
- What's this?
- Give me that little black bottle.
Bottle.
You got this bottle of poison... to kill.
Phroso!
Get out, Venus!
Do I have to bust you in the jaw to make you get out?
Get out, Venus!
Help me!
Mrs. T!
Help!
Please, help!
How she got that way will never be known.
Some say a jealous lover.
Others... that it was the code of the freaks.
Others, the storm.
Believe it or not, there she is.
But, sir, they insist on seeing you.
In all these years, I've seen no one.
Have I not told you that?
- Send them away. - Very good, sir.
- I can't see no one. - Excuse me, sir.
You can't come in.
- No, sir.
I have my orders. - Who's going to stop me?
I'm in, ain't I?
Yes, you can, Hansie, old boy.
There's someone you've just got to see.
Why did you come here?
Please, Hans.
Don't be angry.
Venus and Phroso have been so kind by me.
Please go away.
I can see no one.
But, Hans, you tried to stop them.
It was only the poison you wanted.
It wasn't your fault.
Don't cry, Hans.
Come to me, my Liebchen.
Don't cry.
Don't, Hans.
Don't cry.
I love you.
Hey, pipe down, you mugs.
Sorry to break up the game, boys... but the old man's having bunk inspection in an hour.
Give me my bones!
This man's army ain't been nothing but just one inspection after another.
If ever I get back to Texas on that range again... the first man who says "inspection" to me... he's going to be S.O.L., because he'll hear from my six-shooter.
And I mean sure enough, too.
There'll be no inspection where I'm going.
Where's that?
Why, back into vaudeville with my old lion-taming act!
I wonder if Oscar and Minnie will know me when I step back into the cage.
You better hope they do.
I know what I'm gonna do. Get me some kind of construction job.
I didn't know that was your line, Sergeant.
It wasn't, but it's going to be.
Being in the Engineering Corps has been swell experience... and I'm making the most of it.
Well, we'll be reading about you in the newspapers, I'll bet.
"Mr. James Allen is building a new Panama Canal." Or something.
You can bet your tin hat Mr. James Allen won't be back in the old grind of a factory.
Do you think he'll be wearing his medal?
Why, of course he will.
-Mom ! -Jim !
It's good to have you back.
You're a little thinner, Jim.
Your cooking will fix that up.
Clint! Well, you haven't changed a bit.
But, Alice, I wouldn't have known you.
She's grown up, hasn't she?
She certainly has.
And you look different, too.
I think it's the uniform I miss.
It made you look taller and more distinguished.
I got a regular welcome-home party here, haven't I?
Mr. Parker, it's nice of you to be here.
You have a lot to thank Mr. Parker for.
That's nothing.
He feels after all you've been through, we owe you something.
Mr. Parker is going to take you back into the factory.
I've saved your old job for you.
You've done your bit and your boss isn't going to forget you.
Well, I have--
I'm so glad to have you back.
I guess we'd better go home, don't you think?
All right, I'll take this.
I'll see you later, Jim. Goodbye.
The old place hasn't changed a bit.
Well, let's sit down and have a talk.
Tell us all about the war.
I won't live that long.
What did you think of Mr. Parker being at the station?
Say, Clint. Speaking of Mr. Parker, will you do something for me?
Sure. What is it?
Well, will you talk to him for me and tell him I'm not going to take that job?
And why should I tell him that?
It's kind of hard to explain.
But you see, the Army changes a fellow.
It kind of makes you think different.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life... answering a factory whistle, instead of a bugle call... or be cooped up in a shipping room all day.
I want to do something worthwhile.
Jim, how can you talk like that?
He's tired, Mother. Excited.
You don't know what you are saying.
But tomorrow morning, after a good night's sleep... you'll be ready to take up where you left off at the factory.
A soldier of peace instead of a soldier of war.
I don't want to be a soldier of anything.
You see, Mom...
I want to get out.
Away from routine. I've had enough of that in the Army.
You found another job?
Not exactly, Mom... but you see, I've been doing engineering work in the Army... and that's the kind of work I want to do now.
A man's job.
Where you can accomplish things.
Where you can build, construct, create. Do things!
That sounds very nice.
But after all... a job in the hand is worth two in the bush.
I don't want to tell you what to do, Jim... but when you were in the war... every time I passed the factory...
I was wishing for the day my boy would be working there again.
We've moved things around quite a bit.
This is a lot nicer than the old shipping room, isn't it?
You'll sit by this window and check the shipments.
The job's just about the same.
Before you know it, you'll be doing it again with your eyes shut.
They're excavating. I shouldn't think that would scare you.
I was looking for the nearest dugout.
You'll hear lots of those explosions.
They're building a new bridge over there.
Better get busy and file those bills of lading.
Yes, sir.
It might do some good if you had another talk with Jim.
I certainly intend to.
Parker's given him a job anyone in town would grab, and what does he do?
Checks in day after day late from lunch.
Loitering around that new bridge for no reason at all.
He'll come out of it... but it worries me, too.
Is that you, Jim?
It's me, Mom.
Maybe you could speak to him now.
-Hello, Clint. -You're quite a stranger here.
-Had your supper?
-No, I'm not hungry.
-But you should have a bite of something. -I can't, Mom. I don't feel like it.
Well, anyway, sit down. I want to talk to you.
Jim, Mr. Parker's very disappointed in you.
You haven't shown him anything.
You know your duty is to your job.
I know it, but I just can't help it.
Maybe you're not well, dear.
It isn't that, Mom. I'm all right.
I try my best when I get there, but I just can't concentrate.
It's not the kind of work I want to do.
I said so when I came home. It's too monotonous.
But you don't seem to realize--
That's it, realize. No one seems to realize that I have changed. I'm different now.
I've been through hell.
Folks here are concerned with my uniform, how I dance.
I'm out of step with everybody.
All this while I was hoping to come home and start a new life, to be free... and again I find myself under orders.
A drab routine, cramped, mechanical. Even worse than the Army.
And you, all of you trying your darnedest to map out my future... to harness me and lead me around to do what you think is best for me.
It doesn't occur to you that I've grown... that I've learned life is more important than a medal on my chest... or a stupid, insignificant job.
-Appreciation. Why, you've-- -Clint.
What would you do, son?
Where would you go?
Somewhere. Anywhere, Mom, just where I can do what I want to.
If that's really in your heart...
I think you certainly should follow it.
I knew you'd understand.
Before we know it, he'll be leaving us again.
That doesn't matter.
He's got to be happy. He's got to find himself.
You're a peach, Mom.
I know where there's a lot of construction going on. Up in New England.
Hey, Allen! Allen!
Calling me?
Yeah, knock off a minute. I want to see you.
-Well?
-Bad news for you.
We're cutting down and the new men will have to go. Sorry.
All right.
-You the boss here?
-Yep.
Think you could use a good man?
Last week I could have used you, but I'm full up now.
-You're new here, ain't you, buddy?
-Yeah.
Just filling in for a couple of days.
Believe me, I'm glad to be working.
It's my first job in four months.
What can I do for you?
How much can you give me for this Belgian Croix de Guerre?
Come here, mister.
Look.
How about some poker to see who bums the handout?
No, I'm afraid not.
I'm new in this town and not on to the ropes.
-Been on the road?
-Yeah.
I took to walking the ties when my Rolls-Royce broke down.
-What's your name?
-James Allen.
James Allen? That'll do, I guess. Mine's Pete.
-Glad to know you, Pete. -Glad to know you, Allen.
I'm hungry. What would you say to a hamburger?
What would I say to a hamburger?
I'd shake Mr. Hamburger by the hand and say:
"Pal, I haven't seen you in a long, long time."
I think I can mooch a couple in the lunch wagon down the street.
The guy who runs it is a pretty soft egg.
What do you say?
Boy, I hope you ain't fooling.
How about giving me and my friend a handout?
I was hoping you'd left town.
No, I've incorporated. Meet my partner.
Say, I've been laying off you for a couple of days. Come on, be a sport.
All right. You guys sit over there.
What do I owe you?
Fifteen cents.
Business is pretty good?
Yeah, pretty good.
How good?
Hey, what is this?
Put your hands on that counter and lean over like we're talking.
Get that dough out of the register.
-Listen-- -Go on, do as I say.
Go on.
How much is it?
Around $5.
There ought to be more. Where is it?
No, that's all.
Put it in your pocket and come on. Move!
And don't start yelling for the cops.
You don't have to yell, Mike.
Put them up.
Thought you'd get away?
I didn't do nothing.
-Oh, no?
-No.
I see no reason for leniency since the money was found on your person.
Furthermore, upon detection, you attempted to escape... which would, of necessity, increase the seriousness of your offence.
I therefore, in accordance with the laws of this state... sentence you to 10 years of hard labor.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5,6... 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13.
A nice lucky number.
What's this for?
To put in your nose.
All right.
Follow me.
All right, pick them up.
Come on, pull them through.
All right, turn off.
That'll learn you to sit up and hold on to this.
All right, you guys, get going there. Get those shoes on and get up.
All right, come and get it.
Come on, hurry it up.
Pick up that chain.
Come on, move on.
Here, take that.
Grease, fried dough, pig fat and sorghum.
And you better get to like it... because you're going to get the same thing every morning, every year.
You can't get better food on any chain gang in the state.
Yeah, and you can go all over the world and you won't find worse.
How can anybody eat a mess like this?
Why do you take that slime if you're going to spit it out?
I'm practicing.
The last day of my year here, I'll spit it right in the warden's kisser.
Yeah?
You'll blind him for life.
Hurry up, come on, let's go.
Come on, move on!
-Come on, there. You, get in there. -Get in that line.
Hurry up. Come on, by me.
Line up, there. Come on.
All right, load the trucks.
Come on.
Hurry up.
Get your rings up.
All right.
All right, take them out.
Are you up here for murder, kid?
No.
I heard that a guy that killed four people was being sent up here.
Nordine's always worrying about losing his spot here as high man.
He only killed three.
More than anyone else in this here chain gang.
His wife, his sister-in-law, and his mother-in-law.
Killed them in one night with an ax... so as not to disturb the neighbors.
What are you taking the rap for, kid?
For looking at a hamburger.
Come on, tell us. You're among friends.
All right, let's go.
On your feet.
Come on.
Getting out here.
All right, get out in there.
What's the idea?
He gets two minutes to brush his teeth.
Look at that big buck swing that sledge.
He never misses.
You can lay down a nickel... and he'd knock the buffalo's right eye out.
They like his work so much... they're gonna keep him here the rest of his life.
Come on, get up, quit your stalling.
I was just wiping the sweat off my face.
Well, you got it knocked off.
That won't do no good.
You got to ask their permission to wipe the sweat off.
Wiping it off!
All right, Bomber, wipe it off.
Like that.
In the first place, you've got to get their permission to sweat.
Come on, get to work there.
I gotta quit. My stomach is--
You get to work or I'll kick that bellyache up around your ears.
Come on. Move on, there.
Come on, get up.
Pull it through.
Spread them out.
Come on, get out of here.
So this is the washroom?
Yeah, come on, there's plenty of room.
No, thanks. I forgot my bath salts.
All right, boys, show me the men that didn't give us a good day's work.
Ackerman hasn't been on the job today, Warden.
Is that so?
Come on.
Anybody else?
This guy, Red, tried to pull a faint on us today.
Pulling a faint?
I don't care what you do to me. It doesn't matter.
So that's the way you feel about it?
Take a look at that.
The skunk.
You're next.
Take his stinking shirt off.
A loudmouth?
All right, let him out.
Stand over there.
Well, Barney's gone.
Goodbye, Barney, old boy.
Don't forget to write, kid.
I'll see you in two or three years.
Goodbye, kid.
Don't forget to write, Barney.
-So long. -So long.
See you soon.
-Good luck. -You need it.
The lucky rat.
At least it proves something. You really can get out of here.
Sure you can. And I'm counting the days. They ain't gonna cheat me out of nothing.
-When is your time up?
-I got it figured out exactly.
Four days, two weeks, seven months and 12 years.
Let me see. Four weeks from 10 years.
Nine years and 48 weeks.
You can't count those away.
Red's leaving today, too.
All right, hurry it up.
Let's go.
Well, there's just two ways to get out of here.
Work out, and die out.
Might as well grab a ride into town with us.
Yeah, I can't walk very good without them chains on.
Doesn't a man ever break loose?
You mean, hang it on the limb?
There's too many breaks against you.
You've got to beat the chains, the bloodhounds... and a bunch of guards who'd just as soon bring you back dead.
It's been done... but you got to figure out some perfect scheme.
You gotta watch.
You gotta wait.
Maybe one year, maybe two.
Then... hang it on the limb.
-Sebastian. -Yes?
Can you hit my shackles hard enough to bend them?
-You thinking about-- -Been thinking about it for months.
If you can bend my shackles just so I can slide them off my foot--
I don't want to get in no trouble, but I'd like to see you get away.
The heat's got the guards down.
-All right, you keep an eye on them. -I am.
I'll keep my foot here, and you hit it whenever you can.
You gotta promise not to yell, no matter how it hurts...
-or they'll give me the works for it. -I promise.
Hold still. If I hurt your leg, your foot will drop off with the shackle.
Again.
Now the other one.
Again.
Once more.
When you gonna do it?
-Monday. -That's good.
You can rest up for it on Sunday.
-Got any dough? -A little.
Here's $7.
When you get to Stanton, look up Barney. Here's his address.
-He'll take care of you. -Thanks, Bomber.
-Nervous? -A little.
No matter what happens, it's better than this.
What do you think?
Looks pretty good to me.
Getting out here.
All right, get out over in there.
Hey, boss, we need some more help here.
Some of you boys give Bomber a hand.
All right, Allen. Get back to work.
Bring those dogs over here! He won't get far.
Stand where you are.
Where do you suppose he's gone?
Let's try these woods over here.
You look like a new man.
-Now show me something in a cheap hat. -Yes, sir.
How did you get the scratches?
Lumberjacking, up in the hills.
Is that a fact?
I know many of them fellows up there. Funny I ain't seen you before.
-Look out. -I'm sorry.
How do you do?
Well, if it ain't old John Law himself.
-How's the rheumatism?
-Good.
If they don't take me off nights and put me on days, I'm gonna...
I'll...
What's the use?
What's new? Anything?
Nothing.
There was a break on the Merritt County chain gang this morning.
They say he's headed up this way.
What's the guy look like?
He's about 5'10", heavy black hair... brown eyes, stocky built, around 30 years old.
Name is Allen, James Allen.
-Get us a hot towel, will you?
-Coming up.
Hope it's hot enough for you.
Those guys haven't got much chance getting away with it, have they?
No. We've got the depot and all the highways out of town covered.
They can get this far and no farther.
Thanks. Come in again.
How was it?
Close enough?
Plenty.
So you hung it on the limb?
It's good to see you, kid.
-Well, how do you suppose I feel?
-What? How?
Bomber tipped me off where you were.
-All right for Bomber. -Say, you got a place I can hide out?
-Sure, come on. I'll fix you up. -That's great.
How are all the boys on the chain gang?
No, but I had to keep my eyes open every minute.
Do you think I'll be safe here tonight?
It's a cinch, unless the cops pull another raid.
But don't worry about that.
They're probably too busy looking for you to raid any joints like this.
All I need is some sleep. I'll lam out of here early in the morning.
Make yourself at home.
We got everything you dream about in the chain gang.
Here. I guess you still know what this is good for?
Thanks. I got a tough day ahead of me tomorrow.
Well, I got a tough night ahead of me.
I got to beat it now, Jim. But the place is yours.
Wait a minute.
I'll get somebody to see that you're comfortable.
Linda, come here.
This is Jim Allen, a pal of mine from the chain gang. He's just escaped.
-Listen, never mind the advertising. -It's all right with Linda.
Take good care of him, babe. He's my personal guest.
-So long, Jim. I hope you make it. -Thanks.
You've got plenty of what it takes to pull an escape from that place.
I'm not safe yet. Not until I'm out of the state.
If there's anything I can do to help you, just say the word.
Thanks.
There's nothing you can do.
-How about a drink?
-No.
-You don't mind if I take one, do you?
-No, go right ahead.
Here's to you.
A guy with your nerves got the breaks coming to him.
I know what you're thinking.
I understand.
You're among friends.
You have about 35 minutes to wait. The train is late.
-You want everything on this one, too?
-Yeah, same as the first one.
Well, look who's here.
Chief of police, in all his glory.
Must be looking for somebody important.
All right, boys, keep your eyes open.
All aboard!
There he is!
Did I get your ticket?
Here it is.
Booneville? You must have got on without me seeing you.
They were chasing somebody. I guess you were watching.
-They were after an escaped convict. -Catch him?
No, the guy they caught turned out to be a hobo.
They're still looking for the convict.
I guess we can use you. What's the name?
-Allen. -Is that the first or last name?
Yeah, the first name.
The full name is Allen James.
-Report 8:00 tomorrow morning. -Yes, sir.
Say, James... that's a swell idea you had about the bend up there.
-I told the boss it was your suggestion. -You did?
That's very nice.
I don't think you'll be swinging a pick much longer.
This is the room that's for rent.
Very nice room. What are you asking for it?
-$25 a month. And that's very reasonable. -Very.
But it's more than I feel I can pay.
I'm sorry, because I like the location.
It's not far from the bridge I'm working on.
I'm sorry, too... because I'd like to rent this room to a gentleman like yourself.
But you don't know anything about me.
I can tell. You look like you'd be friendly. Not like a stranger around the house.
-How much would you be willing to pay?
-Really, it's out of the question.
Well, suppose I made it $20.
That's silly. You can easily get your price for it.
I'm willing to let it go for $20. To you.
Well, it's a mighty nice room.
You'll like it.
-Hello, honey. -Hello.
-All you do every night is study. -I'll never get anywhere if I don't.
Anyway, that's not so. We were out last night.
-I don't think you like me anymore. -Of course I do.
We can't always be playing around.
Anyway, what's that got to do with it?
I don't know, but you don't act like you used to.
-Now I don't seem good enough for you. -You're imagining things.
No, I'm not. When you were first here you weren't this way.
You've grown tired of me.
I was silly enough to believe you when you said you loved me.
I said I loved you?
Now, Marie, you know that's not so. I never said that.
You're just trying to put me in a spot.
And you know it wasn't love just as well as I do.
So that's the way you feel?
You can't make me out cheap and get away with it.
I know what I'm talking about, see? And someday you're gonna be sorry.
Come in.
Well, so you really think you're leaving?
I'm moving to a bigger place. I can afford it now.
In other words, that means we won't see each other anymore.
No, I guess we'll see each other sometime.
You don't mean that.
Marie, I appreciate all you've done for me, but I couldn't love you.
I can't change my feeling towards you any more than...
I can change the color of my eyes.
I know I'm speaking bluntly, but frankly... this will save us both a lot of misery.
And is that your only reason for leaving?
-That's a pretty good one, isn't it?
-Not very.
Of course, when a fellow wants to ditch a girl he'll do most anything... providing it doesn't land him back in the chain gang... where he probably belongs.
Here.
It's from your brother.
-You wouldn't...
-I wouldn't tell... if I had a reason to protect you.
-I wouldn't tell... if you were my husband.
-Well, it means plenty of work. -I'm used to that.
Yes. On the other hand, all work and no play...
Makes Jack.
How about knocking off and having a little recreation?
We're giving a party tonight at the Club Chateau.
How about joining us?
-I'd like to, but-- -Fine. And that includes Mrs. James.
Well, I don't know. I'm not sure that she can come.
-I'll ask her. -Right.
-Anyway, we'll expect you. -Fine.
See you later.
Here's the revised budget on the King's Highway Bridge.
By the way, while you were out, your wife called.
Any message?
She won't be home until Wednesday. She's gone to the country with her cousin.
I see.
She also said her account was overdrawn. About $600.
She's got to stop it.
The same thing happened last month.
All right, make out a check for the amount... and deposit it in her bank when you go to lunch.
Yes, sir.
-Good night, Mr. James. -Good night.
Hello.
Hello, yourself. Is Marie there?
That's funny. Where do you think she is?
She had a date with me and she's giving me a stand-up... and it's the first dame that ever gave me a stand-up.
You can tell her that Sammy called... and you can tell her where she can go with little Sammy's compliments.
Tell her that, will you?
And listen... not a word to her husband, understand?
-Don't you dance?
-Not if I can get out of it.
That makes two of us.
I don't care much for dancing in such a crowd.
-I don't like crowds anywhere. -What do you like to do?
Build bridges, roads for people to use... when they want to get away from things.
That sounds interesting.
But they can't get away. Nobody can.
You're a strange person.
Don't pay any attention to what I say.
You'd like to get away from here right now, wouldn't you?
You don't like this party.
I like it better now.
Well, I was on the verge of sneaking home.
I'm not so sure I want to now.
We might make a getaway.
I don't think they'd miss us. How about it?
Come on.
Well, here we are.
Tell me some more about your work. It sounds fascinating.
Why talk about work?
That's what interests you, isn't it?
No. There are other things that interest me, too.
Do you mind if we stay here a while, or must you go home?
There are no musts in my life. I'm free, white and 21.
-You're lucky. -Why?
You can go where you want, when you want.
Can't you?
Yes. And no.
You're a strange, moody person.
You need somebody to pull you out of those doldrums.
Are you applying for that job?
-I might consider it. -You're hired.
-When do I start?
-You've started, several hours ago.
Don't you see, Marie?
If you get a divorce, I'll give you anything you want.
I swear I will.
What's the use of arguing?
I told you I was satisfied with the way things are.
-Can't you see that neither of us is happy?
-I'm happy!
I'm taking no chances of letting you go.
You're going to be a big shot some day, with plenty of sugar... and I'm going to ride right along.
Get that?
I'm no fool. I'd be a sucker to let you go now.
But I'm in love with another woman.
That's just too bad.
Why don't you play the game square?
Square?
So that you and your sweet mama can give me the grand go-by?
Be yourself.
If you don't listen to reason, I'll find some way.
You do, and you'll serve out your time.
It's no worse than serving out my time with you.
You'll be sorry you said that!
Now, listen.
You've held a sword over my head about long enough.
It's about time you called it quits.
You've been bluffing me, and I've been fool and coward enough to fall for it.
You filthy, good-for-nothing convict!
A bluff?
You'll see.
-You'll see. -Put that down.
-Give me the police station. -Put that down!
You don't think you'll stop me, do you, now that I've made up my mind?
We'll only take a minute of your time, Mr. James.
In view of your marvelous achievement on the new Stevens Bridge... the Chamber of Commerce would like you as their principal speaker at their banquet.
Thank you very much.
I feel highly complimented.
There's two detectives coming through, Mr. James.
I told them you were busy but they wouldn't wait.
I'm sorry.
I'm afraid you'll have to excuse me.
Mr. James or Mr. Allen or whatever your name is...
I have a warrant for your arrest.
-And we can quote you literally?
-Certainly.
Everything I've said are facts.
I want this rotten chain-gang system exposed.
Print it all!
How about a special signed story for our Sunday supplement?
Sure, I'll write it. Gladly.
How long were you on the chain gang before, Mr. Allen?
Governor Baxter has not yet signed the extradition papers.
Until he does, I cannot turn Mr. Allen over to the custody of your state.
In view of Allen's record here since his escape... our state has authorized us to assure you... that if he'll return voluntarily... and pay the state the expense it's been put to... he'll be pardoned in 90 days.
Why is it necessary for my client to return at all?
Why mete out punishment to a man who has proven himself a useful... and honorable citizen?
Merely a technicality.
No prisoner is eligible for pardon until he's served 90 days.
Does that mean that I'll have to serve 90 days?
-Back on the chain gang?
-No.
You'll be given some clerical job in one of the camps.
Well, it rests entirely with my client... but I'd advise him to stay right here.
Gentlemen, there's someone else I'd like to consult on the matter...
-if you don't mind. -Certainly.
They've promised me a full pardon within 90 days if I go back.
Can you trust them?
I don't see why not.
I'm giving myself up voluntarily.
Besides, I want to get it all cleaned up now... so that nothing will stand in the way of our happiness.
I think it best, darling.
Why, they can't fail to pardon you.
And then, when you come back, you'll be free. For always.
And we'll be together. Always.
These stories you've been hearing, gentlemen, are absurd.
Why, our chain gangs are beneficial to the convicts... not only physically, but morally.
Gentlemen, I've decided to go back.
Voluntarily.
On your assurance of a pardon.
And you won't regret your decision.
I presume, Mr. Allen, your Chicago attorneys informed you... that I would be in complete charge of your case down here?
Yes, he did.
Let's get the financial end straightened out first.
Your capture and return cost the state... $350.
My fee will be $2,500.
$1,000 now, and $1,500 when you get your release.
This is for the state.
You know, of course... that you'll have to go to a prison camp for 90 days.
-There's your check. -Thanks, Allen.
There's no reason to believe that after the 90 days...
I won't get my pardon then, is there?
This is a funny state and the Governor's a little peculiar.
You see, all that publicity you gave out about the conditions here... didn't help any.
But I'll get my pardon?
They'll give you the pardon.
But that clerical job they promised you isn't so definite.
They might want you to work for about 60 days.
This is the guy that all that fuss was about.
And if he tries to escape this time, shoot him !
Escape?
I'm supposed to be a trustee here.
Haven't you had orders from the Prison Commission?
Sure, I got orders... that if you get away from here this time, I lose my job.
And that goes for all of you. Get me?
-Now take him out of here. -Come on.
Go on. Find yourself a bunk.
Go on down the line.
How did you get to this little bit of heaven, kid?
It's a long story.
Sit down, make yourself at home.
If you can.
Boy, if you think those other chain gangs are tough... wait till you get a load of this joint.
These are the guys that were too tough for the chain gangs.
Now give us the story. How'd they snatch you back?
They didn't. I came back.
He just got lonesome.
They promised me a pardon if I'd come back for 90 days.
What's a pardon?
These boys up here ain't never heard that word.
Neither has the Prison Commission.
What'd you do to get sent up here, Bomber?
I decided to hang it on the limb, so I socked a guard with a sledge.
I aimed at the rat's head, but I missed.
I can't figure a guy walking back into this... just because they promised to spring him in 90 days.
They just wanna make it tough on me, I guess.
But I'll get the pardon, all right--
Listen, kid, they ain't thinking of handing out pardons when you land in here.
This is the last word.
You might say it's "it."
Come on, get to work down there!
The case of James Allen.
-Is Mr. Ramsey present?
-Ready, Your Honor.
Please be brief. We have a great many of these cases this afternoon.
I should first like to introduce... the convict's brother, the Rev. Robert Allen.
Your Honor...
I shall leave the legal technicalities of the case to Mr. Ramsey... and shall present the story of James Allen as a human being.
A man of essential fineness and integrity of character.
A man who was decorated for bravery in the World War.
A man who committed a crime... but only when forced to at the point of a gun.
His first and only offence.
A man who showed his true character by rising from less than nothing... to become a prominent and honored citizen.
...and in conclusion, I need not remind you... that James Allen has kept his part of the bargain.
He has returned voluntarily to this state... and has paid all the expenses demanded of him.
I cannot believe, in the light of all this evidence... and in the name of justice... that you will bring yourselves even to consider any other alternative.
First, I feel it is my duty... to answer the malicious and unwarranted attack upon the chain-gang system... which we have heard here this afternoon.
Crime must be punished.
The men who commit crime are hard men... and their punishments must be hard.
But the brutality of which we hear is a gross exaggeration... born of the fancy of the misinformed.
The life of a convict in a chain gang is one of hard labor.
The discipline is strict... but there is no brutality.
The purpose of prison is not only to punish crime... but to discourage it.
And there is less crime in this state... in proportion to her population... than in 40 other states in this Union.
Finally, as evidence of the chain gang's value... as a character-builder, I have but to present to you... the very case that has been presented to us here today... the case of James Allen... who entered the chain gang as a worthless tramp... and who left it to become one of a great city's... most worthy and respected citizens.
The Commission will take the case of James Allen under consideration.
Five minutes, Allen.
They refused to pardon you.
They refused?
The state's promise didn't mean anything.
It was all lies!
They just wanted to get me back... so they can have their revenge.
To keep me here nine more years!
Why, their crimes are worse than mine.
Worse than anybody here!
They're the ones that should be in chains, not me!
You don't have to stay here nine years.
The Commission voted that if you were a model prisoner for one year... they would concede that you had paid your obligations in full.
It's only nine months, Jim.
Nine months of this torture?
I won't do it!
I won't do it, I tell you!
I'll get out of here!
Even if they kill me for it!
It's still better to be honorably free.
And in those nine months, we'll be working for you night and day.
But you've been working night and day!
It didn't do any good.
But, Jim, we'll have the whole country behind you then... and the state will be forced to release you.
All right.
I'll wait nine more months.
I'll be a model prisoner... if it kills me.
Finally, not only has James Allen been a model prisoner... patient and uncomplaining for a whole year... but we have presented letters from countless organizations... and prominent individuals... beseeching you to recommend his pardon.
I think it only just, Your Honors... that he be given his freedom while there is still time... for him to regain his former position in society... of prominence and universal respect.
We've just had a final report on your new hearing.
Well?
They've suspended decision. Indefinitely.
-Which one did you say it was?
-This one here.
Get up, you lazy skunk!
-Driver! -What's on your mind?
-You better come take a look back here. -I gotta get to the quarry.
You'll never make the quarry in this truck. Your spring's broken.
Spring's broken?
-Where?
-There it is.
Thief! He's stealing my truck!
Stay where you are!
Keep driving, boy.
Throw that box out.
Nix, it's full of my favorite candy.
We're making it, Jim.
We'll make it yet.
Rip it, boy. Go on.
Keep going, kid.
That's once I didn't miss.
Getting out here.
Helen.
Jim !
-Why haven't you come before?
-I couldn't.
-I was afraid to. -But you could have written.
It's been almost a year since you escaped.
But I haven't escaped. They're still after me.
They'll always be after me.
I've had jobs, but I can't keep them.
Something happens, someone turns up.
I hide in rooms all day and travel by night. No friends, no rest, no peace.
-Oh, Jim ! -Keep moving, that's all that's left for me.
Forgive me, Helen.
I had to take a chance to see you tonight.
Just to say goodbye.
-It was all going to be so different. -It is different.
They've made it different.
I've got to go.
I can't let you go like this. Can't you tell me where you're going?
Will you write?
Do you need any money?
But you must, Jim. How do you live?
I steal.
The channel's here on the chart.
So are the marking lights.
Then what's wrong with them?
Those lights don't seem to be in just the right place.
They're both a bit out of position, according to this.
Two light buoys mean a safe channel between the world over.
"Safe between the world over" doesn't go in these waters.
Look here.
You'll see the water shoals on the island side... while the deep soundings run to the mainland.
Have any of you seen the captain today? - No.
He wasn't down for dinner.
- No, and he wasn't down for lunch.
He hasn't left the bridge since you decided to come through the channel.
What are you driving at?
Ever since you gave him those orders yesterday to cut through these waters... he's had the jitters.
There's something wrong. I...
Hey, I'm getting nervous myself.
Doc, what do you recommend for nerves?
- Give him a shot of scotch.
- Give the whole bottle. - No!
I've got nerves too.
- Here you are, Doc.
Just what you need.
- Well, maybe you're right.
- And how, boy.
- Good evening, Captain.
- Good evening, sir.
- May I speak with you?
- Why, certainly. Go ahead.
We're heading straight for the channel between Branca Island and the mainland.
- Good.
- But the lights are just a bit off, according to the chart.
The charts are never up to date in this part of the Pacific. You know that.
I know, sir, but...
Doesn't Branca Island mean anything to you?
- Well, not a lot.
- Perhaps if I spoke with Mr. Rainsford...
Bob's not a sailor. He's a hunter.
He's made many of these trips. He's young, but he has judgment.
I'll call him.
- Oh, Bob. Bob!
- What is it?
- Come up here, will ya?
- Just a minute.
What's bothering you, Captain?
There are no more coral-reefed, shark-infested waters in the whole world than these.
Boy! Just take a look at these.
You didn't turn out so hot as a hunter, Doc, but oh, what a photographer.
If we'd had you to take pictures on the Sumatran trip... they might have believed my book.
If you'd had me on the Sumatran trip, you'd have never had me on this one.
Say, here's a swell one of the ship, Skipper. What's the matter?
These old sea dogs tell yarns to kid each other... and end up believing it all themselves.
I think that Mr. Rainsford should know... that the channel lights aren't just in the position given on the charts.
Oh. Well, what do you think, fellas?
I think we should turn back and take the outside course.
We'll go ahead.
Very well, sir. It's your ship.
"It was the schooner 'Hesperus,' and she sailed the wintry sea."
Now, wait a minute, fellas. Let's talk this over.
- There's no use taking any chances.
- Chances?
That's fine talk... coming from a fella who just got through slapping tigers in the face.
Get an eyeful of this.
And he talks about taking chances.
Here's the doc charging the enemy with an unloaded camera.
Get the expression on Doc's face, Bill.
He looks more frightened than the tiger.
- He is.
- What'd you have on your mind, Doc?
I'll tell you what I had on my mind.
I was thinking of the inconsistency of civilization.
The beast of the jungle killing just for his existence is called savage.
The man, killing just for sport, is called civilized. - Hear!
Hear!
- It's a bit contradictory, isn't it?
Now, just a minute.
What makes you think... it isn't just as much sport for the animal as it is for the man?
Take that fellow right there, for instance.
There never was a time when he couldn't have gotten away.
He didn't want to. He got interested in hunting me.
He didn't hate me for stalking him... any more than I hated him for trying to charge me.
As a matter of fact, we admired each other.
Perhaps, but would you change places with the tiger?
- Well, not now.
- Mm-mm!
Here comes that bad-luck lady again.
Third time tonight. - Here.
Let me shuffle them.
- Wait a minute. Don't evade the issue.
- Yeah, speak up.
- I asked you a question.
- You did? I forgot.
- Oh, no, you didn't.
I asked you if there'd be as much sport in the game... if you were the tiger instead of the hunter.
- Come on.
- What's your answer now, Bob?
That's something I'll never have to decide.
Listen here, you fellows.
This world's divided into two kinds of people... the hunter and the hunted.
Luckily, I'm a hunter. Nothing can ever change that.
Hang on!
Hello! Hello, down there!
Hello, Engine Room!
- The panel is flooded!
- If the water hits those hot boilers...
Help!
Help!
You trying to drown me?
Where are the others?
See anybody?
Nobody left but us two and... that fella.
Doc! Help!
- Look!
- Shark!
Ohh! It got me!
Hello! Is anybody here?
Anybody around, I say.
Oh, hello. Is this your house?
I'm not trying to break in, but I've been in a wreck.
Our yacht just sunk with all hands.
I got ashore and found your place here by accident.
I'm not trying to intrude, but I'm in sort of a jam.
Don't you understand any English?
Ivan does not speak any language.
He has the misfortune to be dumb.
Oh, hello.
Are you the owner here?
Yes. Welcome to my poor fortress.
- Fortress?
- It once was.
Built by the Portuguese, centuries ago.
I have had the ruins restored to make my home here.
I am Count Zaroff.
My name's Robert Rainsford. Glad to meet you.
Very glad.
Ivan is a Cossack.
I am afraid, like all my fellow countrymen, he is a bit of a savage.
Smile, Ivan.
I was trying to make him understand there'd been a shipwreck in the channel.
But how appalling!
And you mean to say that you are the only survivor?
Yes, I'm afraid I am.
You're certain?
I'd have never left the spot if I hadn't been.
The swellest crowd on Earth...
my best friends.
- It's incredible. - Such things are always incredible.
Death is for others, not for ourselves.
That is how most of my other guests have felt.
Your other guests?
You mean this has happened before?
My fellow, we have several survivors from the last wreck still in the house.
It would seem that this island were cursed.
That's just what the captain said.
Only he thought it was uninhabited.
We Cossacks find our inspiration in solitude.
- Well, it's a break for me, anyway.
- My house is yours.
Oh, by the way. You'll want to change those wet rags immediately. Yes.
They look about the way I feel.
Yes.
I have some loose hunting clothes which I keep for my guests... that you can possibly get into.
Ivan will show you to your room.
- Thank you.
- You'll find a stiff drink there also.
Thanks a lot.
All pleasure is mine.
Come in.
- Ready, Rainsford?
- All set.
I'm afraid we have finished dinner.
But I have ordered something for you.
Thanks. I don't feel like eating, though.
Oh.
Well, perhaps later.
Now, then, what do you say to coffee... and most charming company?
It is hard to forget your comrades' fate, I know... but our feminine guest is easily perturbed.
If I could beg you to put a good face upon the matter.
A-Assume a cheerfulness you may not feel.
- Why, sure. Of course.
- Thank you.
Miss Trowbridge, may I present Mr. Robert Rainsford.
- Miss Eve Trowbridge.
- How do you do?
- How do you do?
- And her brother, Mr. Martin Trowbridge.
How are you, old chap?
Pretty well shaken up, I guess, huh?
- Coming out of it now, thanks.
- We know how it feels, don't we, Eve?
Indeed we do.
Perhaps Mr. Rainsford would like some hot coffee.
Oh, yes, of course. Mr. Rainsford, please sit here.
Vodka, that's the stuff!
One shot'll dry you out quicker than all the coffee in Java.
Have to toss it off, though. Like this.
Now, Martin, you don't have to drink it all tonight, do you?
Don't be ridiculous, sis. We are victims of circumstance.
Same as Mr. Rainsford.
And if anyone has a right to his liquor, it's a victim of circumstance.
- Isn't that so, Count? - Of course, yes.
- You were in a shipwreck too?
- Yes.
Our lifeboat was the only one saved... my brother and I and two sailors.
The count found us on the beach with nothing but the clothes on our backs.
Those channel lights must have been shifted.
- I wonder it hasn't been reported.
- Well, we'll report 'em... just as soon as we get back to the mainland.
You see, the count has only one launch... and that's under repair.
Russians are not the best mechanics.
I'm afraid we'll have to be patient a few days longer.
It's all right with me.
I feel as if I were living on borrowed time right now.
Speaking of that, perhaps now you'll tell us... a little bit about who you are.
Just sketchily, you know...
born, married, why I left my last job.
No, no, no, no. One moment, please.
Mr. Rainsford need never explain who he is in my house.
We entertain a celebrity, Miss Trowbridge.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Don't tell me.
Let me guess.
I know. Flagpole sitter.
- I know.
He wrote some books.
- No, he lived some books.
If I am not mistaken, this is Mr. Robert Rainsford... who hunts big game so adventurously.
Yeah?
Here's to ya.
- I've lugged a gun around a little.
- "I've lugged a gun around a little."
No, I have read your books. I read all books on hunting.
- A papiroso?
- Thank you.
Only in yours have I found a sane point of view.
- What do you mean, "sane"?
- Cigarette?
- Hmm? Yeah. Thanks.
- You do not excuse what needs no excuse.
Let me see. How did you put it?
"Hunting is as much a game as stud poker... only the limits are higher."
- You have put our case perfectly.
- Then you're a hunter yourself?
We are kindred spirits. It is my one passion.
He sleeps all day and hunts all night.
And what's more, Rainsford, he'll have you doing the same thing.
We'll have capital sport together, I hope.
Don't encourage him.
He's had our two sailors so busy... chasing around the woods after flora and fauna... that we haven't seen them for three days.
But what do you hunt here?
I'll tell you. You will be amused, I know.
I have done a rare thing.
I have invented a new sensation.
Yeah, and is he stingy with it.
What is this sensation, Count?
Mr. Rainsford, God made some men poets.
Some He made kings, some beggars.
Me, He made a hunter.
My hand was made for the trigger, my father told me.
He was a very rich man... with a quarter of a million acres in the Crimea, and an ardent sportsman.
When I was only still up high he gave me my first gun.
- Good for him.
- My life has been one glorious hunt.
It would be impossible for me to tell you how many animals I have killed.
- But when the revolution...
- Look out.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Count Zaroff was so interesting...
I didn't realize the danger.
Oh, it's all right now. What were you saying about the revolution, Count?
Oh, merely that I escaped with most of my fortune.
Naturally, I continued to hunt all over the world.
It was in Africa that the Cape buffalo gave me this.
That must have been a close call.
Yes. It still bothers me sometimes.
However, in two months I was on my way to the Amazon.
I'd heard that the jaguars there were unusually cunning.
No, no, no. No sport at all.
Well, conditions are bad everywhere these days.
One night, as I lay in my tent with this... this head of mine... a terrible thought crept like a snake into my brain.
Hunting was beginning to bore me.
Is that such a terrible thought, Count?
It is, my dear lady, when hunting has been the whip for all other passions.
When I lost my love of hunting...
I lost my love of life...
of love.
Well, you seem to have stood it pretty well.
I even tried to sink myself to the level of the savage.
I made myself perfect in the use of the Tartar war bow.
Tartar which?
Tartar war bow...
That one up there.
It's cute.
Even to this day I prefer to hunt with it... but alas, even that was too deadly.
What I needed was not a new weapon... but a new animal.
- A new animal?
- Exactly so.
You found one?
Yes.
Here on my island...
I hunt the most dangerous game.
"The most dangerous game"? You mean tigers?
Tigers?
No.
The tiger has nothing but his claws and his fangs.
I heard some queer beast howling back there along the water. Was that it?
It's no use, Rainsford.
He won't tell.
He won't even let you see his trophy room... till he gets ready to take you on a hunt of the great whatsit.
My one secret.
I keep it as a surprise for my guests... against the rainy day of boredom.
You let me in on that game... and I'll bet you I go for it.
You know, Rainsford, he hasn't failed yet.
If he says a thing is good, it is good.
He's a judge of liquor, wizard at contract... plays the piano...
anything you want.
He's a good host and a good scholar, eh, Count?
Yes, yes.
You want me to go hunting?
You just say the word. We're pals.
We'll have a big party, get cockeyed and go hunting.
A completely civilized point of view.
I tell you what you do.
You come to my place in the Adirondacks, see.
We'll have a private car, liquor and gals on the trip... and the guides will make the deers behave.
I think we'd better change the subject.
All right. Change the subject.
Oh, I know!
Play the piano, huh?
If you wish.
Good idea. Play the piano. Leave it to me, and I'll fix everything.
Perhaps the count doesn't want to play.
There you go, sis, throwing cold water.
Leave me alone. I know where the piano is.
I'm perfectly sober.
Charming simplicity.
"Completely civilized," did you say?
He talks of wine and women as a prelude to the hunt.
We barbarians know that it is after the chase... and then only that man revels.
It does seem a bit like cocktails before breakfast.
Of course, yes. You know the saying of the Ugandi chieftains...
"Hunt first the enemy, then the woman."
That's the savages' idea everywhere.
It is the natural instinct.
What is woman...
even such a woman as this... until the blood is quickened by the kill?
- Oh, I don't know.
- "Oh, I don't know."
You Americans.
One passion builds upon another.
Kill!
Then love.
When you have known that... you will have known ecstasy.
Oh, Martin!
Here you see Zaroff, the keyboard king... in his Branca Island hour.
Come on, Count.
Now, you show them.
- What do you suggest?
- Oh, just a good tune.
But not highbrow, like last night.
- Just a good tune, see?
- I see.
Oh, his hunting dogs.
Keep your voice low and listen.
It isn't true about the launch needing repairs.
I heard it leave the boathouse last night. It returned this morning.
You mean he's keeping you from returning to the mainland?
Yes.
Well, perhaps he enjoys the company of two very charming people.
Two, maybe.
There were four of us a week ago.
- The other two have disappeared.
- What do you mean?
One night after dinner, the count took one of our sailors... down to see his trophy room... at the foot of those stone steps.
- That iron door?
- Yes.
Two nights later he took the other there.
Neither has been seen since.
Have you asked him about them?
He says they've gone hunting.
Oh, be careful. He's watching us.
Will you smile, as if I'd said something funny?
Now look here.
You must be mistaken.
Not now.
Applaud.
- Attaboy!
Attaboy!
- Thank you.
What did I tell you?
Smacks a mean ivory, eh, Rainsford?
It was splendid. Don't stop, please.
I'm afraid we have failed to hold the full attention of our audience.
Well, I expect it's rather difficult for Mr. Rainsford... to concentrate on anything after all he's been through.
My dear lady, you are pleading for yourself.
I can see the drooping of those lovely eyes.
Excuse me.
You know, the count's worse than a family governess.
Every night he sends us off to bed like naughty children.
Oh, no, my dear.
No.
Charming children.
There, you hear that, sis?
Now trot along upstairs and don't bother us grownups anymore.
Well, after that I guess...
I guess I'll have to go.
- Good night, Mr. Rainsford.
- Good night.
We'll be seeing each other at breakfast.
- Good night.
- Good night.
Good night, sis. We won't be seeing each other at breakfast.
Oh, my dear Rainsford, I have been most inconsiderate.
You must be feeling the need of sleep too.
- Yes, I am just about all in.
- Then Ivan will show you to your room.
Oh, Martin, turn in early, please?
Don't worry. The count'll take care of me, all right.
Indeed I shall.
- Well, good night.
- Good night, sir.
Sleep well.
Oh, uh, well, here's to long life.
A long life.
Tell me, Mr. Trowbridge... are you also fatigued?
Tired?
Me?
You know I'm not.
You know, Rainsford, we two are just alike.
Up all night and sleep all day.
Well, good night.
Well, what are we gonna do, huh?
What's the big idea?
I thought that perhaps... tonight you would like to see my trophy room?
Your trophy room?
I'm sure you will find it most... interesting.
Say, that's a great idea.
Ho-ho.
Now we're pals.
No more secrets now, huh?
- We'll make a night of it.
- I hope so, Mr. Trowbridge.
Just you and I... pals.
We'll have fun together, huh?
Precisely, yes.
Fun together.
Attaboy, County, old boy, old boy, County.
Please let me come in.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but I'm frightened.
- What was it?
Those dogs? - My brother.
I've been listening for hours for him to come upstairs.
I've just gone to his room. He isn't there!
- He's probably somewhere with the count.
- That's just what I'm afraid of.
Count Zaroff is planning something...
about my brother and me.
You don't really think anything has happened to your brother?
Oh, I don't know, but we've got to find him.
Won't you help me?
Why, of course I'll help you.
- Where do you think he's gone?
- Where did the others go?
The iron door.
I'll meet you downstairs in five minutes.
Thank you.
That's queer.
It's unlocked.
Zaroff!
He's coming down.
Back here, quick!
Where is my brother? Where is my brother?
You killed him!
You killed my brother!
You!
Why, you...
Come, come, my dear Rainsford.
I don't want to treat you like my other guests.
You and I, we are hunters.
So that's your most dangerous game.
Yes.
My dear fellow, I intended to tell you last night... but you know, Miss Trowbridge...
You hunted him like an animal.
I know what you think, but you are wrong.
He was sober and fit for sport when I sent him out.
An hour or two strapped up in here brought him to his senses.
You raving maniac!
Yes, yes, yes.
I'll take it off...
when we've finished.
The stupid fellow tried to escape through the swamps of Fog Hollow.
You see, when I first began stocking my island... many of my guests thought I was joking... so I established this trophy room.
I always bring them here before the hunt.
An hour with my trophies... and they usually do their best to keep away from me.
Where do you get these poor devils?
Providence provided my island with dangerous reefs.
But there are light buoys to mark the safe channel.
They do not always mark it.
- You shifted them.
- Precisely right.
Too bad your yacht should have suffered... but at least it brought us together.
You take half-drowned men from ships you've wrecked... and drive them out to be hunted.
I give them every consideration... good food, exercise... everything to get them in splendid shape.
- To be shot down in cold blood.
- Oh, no, no.
Oh, I admit, with this annoying fellow... but usually I give them hunting clothes... a woodsman's knife and a full day's start.
I even wait until midnight to give them the full advantage the dark.
And if one eludes me only till sunrise... he wins the game.
Suppose he refuses to be hunted.
Ivan is such an artist with these.
Invariably, Mr. Rainsford, invariably they choose to hunt.
And when they win?
To date I have not lost.
Oh, Rainsford, you'll find this game worth playing.
When the next ship arrives, we'll have gorgeous sport together.
You murdering rat!
I'm a hunter not an assassin.
Come, Rainsford. Say you will hunt with me.
Hunt men?
Say you will hunt with me!
No?
What do you think I am?
One, I fear, who dare not follow his own convictions... to their logical conclusion.
I'm afraid in this instance, Mr. Rainsford... you may have to follow them.
What do you mean?
I shall not wait for the next ship.
Four o'clock. The sun is just rising.
Come, Mr. Rainsford. Let us not waste time.
Ivan.
Your fangs and claws, Mr. Rainsford.
Bob!
Bob!
Ivan.
Bob!
Bob, what are they going to do?
- I'm going to be hunted.
- Oh, no. No, Miss Trowbridge.
Outdoor chess.
His brain against mine.
His good craft against mine.
- And the prize?
- The prize?
You may recall what I said last evening.
Only after the kill... does man know the true ecstasy of love.
Suppose you lose.
If I do not...
What shall I say?
...
find you... between midnight and sunrise tomorrow, freedom for both of you.
- I'm going with you.
- No. He'll kill you too.
Not at all.
One does not kill a female animal.
If you lose, I can easily recapture her alive.
All right. I'll take her with me then.
We'll set him a trail he'll remember.
It's only fair to advise you against Fog Hollow.
Outdoor chess, Mr. Rainsford.
Don't lose your nerve.
We'll beat this thing.
- The others didn't.
- We will.
Come on.
Let's get going.
It seems as though we've come miles.
Yeah, but three hours doesn't take you far in this jungle.
Come on.
Let's keep going.
Come on.
Just a little more of this, then easy downhill going.
We'll soon be safe.
No wonder he was so sure.
This island is no bigger than a deer park.
Oh, Bob!
Come on, now.
What are we going to do?
We didn't each live through a shipwreck to let this crazy man hunter worry us.
I shouldn't have come with you. You might beat him if you were alone.
Alone?
And leave you here with that savage?
Not a chance.
Now we've got to think of something to worry him.
You'd never get near him. He'd shoot on sight.
Weapons aren't everything in the jungle.
Say, did you notice that leaning tree down there?
- The one we just passed? - Yes.
I want to show you something.
You see?
If that supporting branch were cut away... this fallen tree would make a perfect Malay deadfall.
A Malay deadfall?
What's that?
A man-killing contraption the natives use.
It would stop that madman, all right.
Trouble is, it takes quite a few hours to build.
He said he wouldn't follow till midnight.
That's right.
If you help me, I think we'll have time.
Come on. We'll cut some strong vines.
There.
Almost ready.
This bracelet of yours makes a fine guide ring for my necktie.
He'll have been on his way almost an hour now.
Look out! Don't touch that trip line.
You'll have a two-ton tree down on your back.
- Jungle wood's as heavy as iron.
- Will it really work?
I've never known a living thing to get by one yet.
Look here. You touch that trip line... it'll pull that trigger free.
Once that's loose, there's nothing to keep the log from coming down.
It'll crash down and kill anything underneath it.
Look.
We're ready. Let him come.
Give me that knife.
Come out, Rainsford.
Why prolong it?
I'll not bungle this shot.
You'll never even feel it.
But surely you don't think that anyone who has hunted leopards... would follow you into that ambush?
Oh, very well.
If you choose to play the leopard...
I shall hunt you like a leopard.
Wait.
Maybe it's a trick.
Eve.
Why did he go?
He's playing with us...
like a cat with a mouse.
What do you mean?
You heard him say he'd hunt us as he'd hunt a leopard.
That means he's gone for his high-powered rifle.
His rifle?
Oh, Bob, we must get away from here!
- Run, quick!
- Eve, wait.
- No, I tell you, no!
- Don't stop! No!
Wait.
That's Fog Hollow ahead.
- Fog Hollow?
- The swamp where he caught the others.
We haven't a chance of keeping ahead of him there.
- But there's no place else to run.
- That's just what he's counting on.
We've got two hours till dawn.
We've got to use our brains instead of our legs.
But he'll have his rifle.
And we'll have a man trap.
Look.
It makes me dizzy.
Cover this over.
When Mr. Zaroff falls down there, he'll be all through hunting.
Quick.
Gather some leaves and grass.
I'll cut some branches.
Yes. Very good, Rainsford.
Very good.
You have not won yet.
Look at your watch.
Are you looking at it?
Still half an hour till sunrise.
Swamp or no swamp, we can keep ahead of him that long.
As you are doubtless saying, the odds are against me.
You have made my rifle useless in the fog.
You cannot blame me if I overcome that obstacle.
Those animals I cornered...
now I know how they felt.
Achmed, Miss Trowbridge... bring her here.
Now!
My dear Rainsford, I congratulate you.
You have beaten me.
Not yet.
Oh, but of course.
I insist.
Why, you're...
You're not even wounded.
You hit the dog not me.
I took a chance and went over with him.
A clever trick, Rainsford.
I cheerfully admit defeat.
Here's the key of the boathouse.
The door is in the trophy room.
You and Miss Trowbridge may leave at once.
No!
Ohh!
Bob!
Eve!
The boat! Quick!
Impossible.
Now, look here. That's a river. Water.
Ganges.
Is that the Mutier escarpment?
What river is that?
No one ever crosses that river... because beyond that is the Mutier escarpment.
I'm afraid you're wasting your time with him.
He's working himself into a juju.
All right, Riano. Take him away.
Very helpful, I don't think.
Always the same old tales.
Mutier escarpment too strong, too high.
What they mean is if the elephants have a burial place... that's the elephants' business, and we've no right to butt in.
- Perhaps we haven't. - What?
And let a million pounds of ivory go to rot under the earth?
Just how keen are you on this idea?
It means escape from this cursed hole.
- I'm keen, all right. - So am I.
Excuse me, miss. Can I help you?
I'm Mrs. Cutten.
Mrs. Dr. Cutten. How do you do? Thank you so much.
I'm looking for my father.
I can't think why he isn't here. I cabled him.
My name's Parker.
Jane Parker. - Excuse me.
Did you say Miss Parker? - Yes.
How exciting.
What a good chance we came down here.
Why, this is Mr. Holt, your father's partner.
- How do you do? - What marvelous luck.
How do you do? He's still here, my father?
- He hasn't gone away or anything?
- No, he hasn't gone.
You caught him just in time.
Shall we walk along together this way, then?
- What about your baggage? - It's here.
- I'll take care of it.
- I forgot my sketching paper.
- Will you bring it along?
- Yes, of course.
Shall we start now?
It's just a few steps along.
You see that big building on the right?
- How is my father?
- He's very well.
He's always well. - You're not letting your hair grow again?
- I beg your pardon.
I didn't hear you.
I wonder if I could get that haircut, but the doctor hates old fashions.
Here we are. I don't want to butt in.
- Lf you'd rather see your father alone...
- Yes, I would. I see.
If there's anything that you want, let me know.
- In a community like this...
Perhaps I shall see you this afternoon. Come over to have a cup of tea...
Hello.
Jane. Whatever...
What on earth.
Darling, don't ask questions.
Don't do anything. Just be glad to see me.
What's this mean, dear? You're crying.
You mustn't do that.
No, but you're going to have to wait till I get through.
There.
There.
Let me look at you.
You're just the same.
Yes, but a bit more grizzled and moth-eaten.
That's only because you've been missing me.
- You have been missing me, haven't you?
- Missing you, my darling.
That's better.
Now say you're glad to see me, or I shall go right back.
I'm afraid you'll have to do that in any case.
Shall I?
Listen, Dad, from now on, I'm through with civilization.
I'm going to be a savage just like you.
We'll talk about that later. Now let me have a look at you.
Attractive.
Mighty attractive.
I don't know how I managed it.
Cable for you, sir. Just came in by the boat.
Hello, Beamish. See who's arrived.
It isn't. It is.
Knock me for a row at ninepins if it isn't little Miss Jane.
Hello, Beamish, old boy.
But I say, what brings you to this awful hole?
That's a perfect criticism of Africa.
- What's the cable, darling?
- From you to say you arrive today.
I call that perfect service. Hello, Holt.
What do you say to this for a surprise?
- My daughter, Mr. Holt.
- We have already met.
He was kind and got my baggage. Did you find it?
- I did. - Tell them to bring them in here.
- Here?
- Yes. I'll show you where to put them.
Boy, put this down here.
The dressing case down there.
And put those trunks somewhere around here.
That's grand.
Look, you can just leave those there, anywhere.
- Yeah, that's fine. - Good heavens.
I told you I'd come to stay.
But what have you got in there in all that?
Just the necessaries of life.
Can I get you a nice cup of tea, miss?
Isn't that English?
I come 6,000 miles and all I'm offered is a cup of tea.
What's wrong with a drink?
All right, I'll get you one.
- Shall I send the rest of the baggage?
I like your Mr. Holt. He's nice.
- What?
I was talking about Mr. Holt.
Yes, he's a nice fellow.
We get along splendidly.
He hates Africa, too.
- Hates Africa? - Yes.
- I don't believe it. - Why not?
He's too strong and sturdy-looking, like you.
- I don't like Africa, either. - I don't believe that, either.
Yes, I think I'd better be...
Darling, don't be silly. You're not embarrassed by me.
Why, you've bathed me sometimes... and very nearly spanked me, too, several times.
Very nearly.
Perhaps if you actually had, I wouldn't be so obstinate.
And I am very obstinate.
- What are you trying to do?
- Clean my face.
- But what's wrong with soap and water? - Everything, darling.
Must preserve that schoolgirl complexion.
What's that?
Who are they?
The Wakumbas.
- The ones with the big hats, who are they?
- No, they're Kabaranda.
There are a couple of hundred ostrich feathers... in each of those headdresses.
What you might call putting a feather in your cap with a vengeance.
- What are they doing here?
- They come to trade.
All right, let's trade them.
You're butting into my business.
Butting in?
You're mistaken. I'm managing it.
Beamish, bring me my hat.
Do they always sing like that when they come to trade?
That's not a song.
They're invoking their gods to give them the best of the bargain.
I don't blame them.
Darling, you've done far too well out of one small store.
I don't think it's quite nice.
Look, here, young lady.
I resent that.
I must see your lady customers.
It looks as if their shopping's been successful, anyhow.
How women suffer to be beautiful.
I see you're breaking into society. These are our very best people.
I know. I feel quite out of fashion.
Now let me show you what the well-dressed men are wearing.
Those markings on the shield mean they're the foremost warriors of the tribe.
Not really?
Why, that little fellow there, he seems quite harmless.
If you read his shield, it shows that he's killed five lions. - Really?
- Or men.
Yes, over here we have the Wakumbas.
You'll notice that their dress is entirely different.
And these natives here, are they of the same tribe?
Yes, they are.
Here's your hat. You'll be catching your death of sun.
Thank you.
Bit early for him to start dancing, isn't it? - Who?
- The baby.
Look at him.
Jane, suppose we get a move on.
- You do think I'm a child, don't you?
- No, I've ample proof that you're not.
Look, every man his own feather duster. Who are they?
The council of the Aloas.
Say, Parker, there's old Chief Oomtelli.
Possibly he can tell us about the Mutier escarpment.
Not a chance, Holt. I've been trying him for years.
Darling, what is this Mutier escarpment?
When they get past this falderal... let's hope they'll be in a mood for substantial trading.
- Come on. - Let's get along.
Father, you still haven't told me about the Mutier escarpment.
Remember my telling you a fairytale about the elephants? Hundreds.
Which one?
The one about why one never finds a dead elephant in the jungle.
Let me think.
Why, of course.
I remember.
An elephant can always tell when death is coming for him... and when he hears the call... there's a secret place to which he wanders.
A place where he can lay his bones with his ancestors.
- A place of rest. - That's it.
The secret graveyard of the elephants.
Somewhere to the east, there's a mysterious barrier of mountains... called the Mutier escarpment.
And the natives won't say where that Mutier escarpment is.
It's sacred. Taboo.
If one of them is found even to have looked at it... he's put to death by the witch man of the tribe.
Now, Holt and I believe... that beyond that Mutier escarpment somewhere... lies the burial place of the elephants.
You do? But why?
Of course. Ivory.
Enough ivory to supply the world.
There's 1,000,000 for the man who finds it.
- And how much do I get for helping you? - You're not going to help.
You can't.
Mr. Holt, I know you'll understand.
I do want to go so terribly.
I think if she wants to go as much as all that... she won't be a hindrance.
I think you're probably the nicest man I ever met.
Anyone's nice who gives in to you.
You disagreeable old darling.
I'm mad about you.
Leave me alone. I'm not used to this.
Can you shoot?
Like an angel.
Riano, let me have that rifle.
- Beamish. - Yes, miss?
Hat.
Satisfied?
Quite.
I'm tired. I'm going to turn in.
Good night, Holt. Good night, my girl. - Good night, Dad.
- Sleep well.
Tell me, am I a nuisance?
Do I get in the way at all?
Not in the least. You've shaken down to it marvelously.
- Better put this around your shoulders. - Thanks.
The altitude plays funny tricks with the temperature.
I'm not cold.
You may think you're not.
- You're very silent. - I feel very silent.
You know, Jane...
I'm not a romantic sort of a person or anything like that... but if we get through this all right... is there any kind of a chance for me?
With me?
I don't know. I haven't thought about it much.
Will you?
I thought I hated this country.
Since you're here I almost love it.
Do you, Harry?
- I'm very glad. - Are you?
Glad you like Africa.
Oh, poof.
Now you're laughing at me.
A little bit, perhaps.
But very tenderly.
- Old man hyena sounds pretty lively. - Horrible noise, isn't it?
Yet, I don't know. It's part of it all.
- Love it, don't you? - Love it. Who wouldn't?
Look.
Isn't it marvelous?
And the funny part is I feel so completely at home.
Really?
Good night, Harry.
Funny little hand... so capable and so strong... and yet, so soft and so white.
Don't crush it, Harry.
I might want to use it again. I'm sorry.
Good night, dear. Sleep soundly. Soundly?
With all this noise?
Isn't he grand?
So proud, so fierce, and yet, so infinitely soothing.
Why, there's another one quite close.
Yes, much too close.
Keep a man on the fire all night. Keep them going.
Yes, bwana.
Hello.
Must be a village near here somewhere.
That drum doesn't seem stationary. It seems to be coming closer.
- It is. - Help, bwana!
What was that?
Didn't sound like an animal.
Hold it there.
Get him some water.
- He say he look at Mutier escarpment.
- Mutier escarpment? Make him tell you which direction.
Did you get that? We have to get him under cover.
Head back to your fires.
- What's the matter?
- They're after him. They're close.
What did he say?
He's looking for some fellow that's broken the big law of the tribe.
No man's passed here. We should have seen him.
I told him that.
- Those are the Ubangis... one of the most feared and courageous tribes.
Yet they're afraid of the Mutier escarpment.
It may not be fear.
It may be superstition. To some of them, the elephant is sacred even alive.
How much more so in death?
- Have they gone?
- Far enough.
One good turn deserves another.
He'll tell us now.
Come on, get up.
He's dead.
Anyone would die who look at Mutier escarpment.
Poor fellow.
- He died too soon. - Did he? I wonder.
He was crazy with fear, yet he managed to point.
And that's the direction in which he pointed.
And that's the Mutier escarpment, eh?
Yeah, and all we've got to do now is climb it.
Mother Earth must have some very particular secret up there... putting up a wall like that.
Here.
- Why? Is this going to be dangerous?
- No.
All has to be done according to Hoyle, though.
Look out back there.
It's a bit tricky here.
You all right, Jane?
At the moment.
Be careful.
Steady, Jane. Don't lose your nerve.
We're all right.
What was in that pack, Parker?
Medicines, trade goods.
Poor devil.
That's too bad. I don't suppose it could be helped.
You all right, now?
Yeah, I'm all right.
How are the rest of the boys?
- All right, bwana. - All right. Start them going.
Now, Jane, take it easy.
Easy now.
Give me your hand.
Hold her, Holt!
- Parker. Riano. - Yes, bwana.
Quiet, now.
All right.
- Give me your hand. - Easy, now.
Give me your hand, dear.
Good girl!
Aren't I a fool, Harry? I'm sorry.
I'll promise to forgive you if you don't do it again.
Would you like to sit down and rest for a while?
No, really. I'd rather go on.
- You're quite sure?
- Sure.
Good girl.
Come on.
- How are the rest of the boys, Riano?
- All right, bwana.
I don't think we need this anymore. Let me help you.
Darling, you mind if I flop for a little while?
It'd do us all good to flop for a little while.
Anything you want?
Yes, a nice hot bath.
What was that?
Can't say.
- What do you make of it, Riano? - Maybe hyena, bwana.
Maybe.
Come on.
- That was a human cry. - Human?
Say, Parker, how do you feel about...
- going on?
- I've had enough.
I know why you're saying that.
And I'm not going to be made an encumbrance of.
I'm not frightened of a few weird cries.
Now let's get that ivory.
- Riano, come on. - Yes, master.
- All right, Riano, come on. - Yes, bwana.
- What's the matter?
- Boys scared, bwana.
You've got your whip. Give them something else to think about.
- Let's be on our way, come on. - Quick.
Another barrier.
Does that mean we lose the elephant tracks?
Yes, but with good luck we'll pick them up on the other side.
Hold on.
My gun.
They may be tough customers.
Father, without prejudice... would you say that was a friendly noise?
I'm afraid we're intruding.
- Riano, you better get the boys back. - Yes, bwana.
Gently, dear. Slowly.
Look out. We're in for it.
Gently, Jane. The river's alive with them.
The dying elephant has to swim this.
Look there.
I'll feel much better when we've put all this behind us.
Rafts?
- Riano. - Yes, bwana?
Cut wood for rafts. Two.
Father, look.
How's that for a touching domestic scene?
You can't tell me she's dangerous.
Dangerous?
I'd hate to interfere with that child of hers.
- How are they getting on?
- All right, I guess.
Come on, Riano. We can't be here all day.
And the long one. There we are.
- Come here. - Give me your hand.
- All right, Riano. Push off. - Yes, bwana.
Harry, aren't you coming with us?
The boys will need a little firsthand persuasion... in order to keep going.
We'll be close all the way across.
All right, Riano. Come on.
Watch the end here.
I don't think we'll be able to pole a straight course.
I'm willing to detour. After all, they live here.
Get in the middle of the raft, Jane, and stay there.
All right.
I think they're just curious, don't you?
I hope so.
- Riano, gun. - Yes, master.
- Getting nervous, Jane?
- No, not a bit.
Don't shoot wildly, Jane.
Get them around the ears, otherwise you just tickle them...
- then they're dangerous. - I know, Harry.
- Get him? - I think so.
I hope so.
- We'll take the lead, Riano. - Yes, bwana.
Come on, boys. Pole faster.
- Still like it, Jane?
- I'm crazy about it.
No, I'm crazy to have brought you here.
Why, Father, they look just like catfish on a rainy day.
Good girl!
Kill him, Holt. I missed him.
Stop poling. Hold up, Parker. They're getting too thick.
Stay, boys, stop poling now.
What's the matter?
- Fire, Harry, fire. - I can't. My gun's jammed.
Get him, Holt.
Get going before he comes back.
All right, now. Hurry.
Come on, boys. Push this.
Harry, look out! He's going under your raft! Watch out, Holt.
He's coming up underneath you.
Hurry, boys. Pole quicker. Pole away to the other end.
Never mind me. Help this boy here.
Is he on?
It's too late to do anything about him.
Look out, boys. Here comes the herd.
Pole for shore. Come on.
Let me have your hand, Jane.
- Again, Holt. - Right.
Here we are now.
Father, come on.
Give me a hand.
Get back in there.
Come on, Riano, let me have a gun.
They're still coming, Parker. Don't shoot. They'll stampede.
That was friendly of someone.
- Riano, who else is gone?
- Musaki gone, bwana.
- That cry we heard from the river. - Yes, it must have been.
You get the boys to make camp here. I'll go see if I can pick up the trail.
- Harry, don't get lost. - I'll try not to.
Thanks.
Tooch, you come along with me.
Come on, Jane. We'll get a little bit further from the river.
Make way, boys.
- Good. We'll camp here, Riano. - Yes, bwana.
Put one tent there... a couple here.
- You boys can camp up there. - Yes, bwana.
What was that?
Ape.
Look.
White, too.
Father, that cry.
Father, look.
Hello there.
Come down.
Riano, you speak to him.
He can't understand.
Call one of the boys. Try another dialect.
Come down, I tell you, or I'll shoot.
I don't think he even knows what a gun is.
After him, Riano, or we'll have the whole tribe on us.
Where'd they go, Riano?
Jane, you'd better stick close to us.
Jane, where are you?
Answer me, Jane. - Parker.
- Why don't you answer?
- Jane, where are you?
- Parker.
What's the matter, Parker?
- Jane. He's taken her. - What are you talking about?
Don't let me go.
Hold onto me.
He's come to get me!
Don't let him take me!
Let me...
Don't. Let me go.
Let me go, you wild beast!
Get off me! Let go!
Stop!
Let me go, you brute.
Take your hands off me.
Take him away.
Thank you.
- Thank you for protecting me. - Me?
I said, thank you for protecting me.
- Me. - No.
- I'm only me for me. - Me.
No. To you, I'm you.
You.
No.
I'm Jane Parker. Understand?
Jane.
Yes. Jane.
You?
- Tarzan.
That's right.
Please stop. Let me go. I can't bear this.
What's the use?
Yes. I am hungry.
Hungry.
Tarzan, where are you going?
Tarzan, don't go without me. I'm afraid of her.
Tarzan, take me with you.
Wait. I'm coming.
Jane!
Father, here I am! Here in the tree! I'm here.
Father.
Hold it.
Father, here I am. Here in the tree.
Bwana, look there.
All right, Jane. We're coming.
We're coming. Keep still now.
Don't come down, dear.
Stay where you are. We'll help you down.
- Quick, Riano. Get up the tree. - Yes, bwana.
Go, Riano. Look out for that big ape.
Harry, don't shoot!
There now.
It's all right, dear.
Get the boys together, and let's get away from here.
Wait a minute, Parker. He may come back.
No, let's go quickly, please.
Hurry.
All right. Come on, boys.
You're in a queer mood, Jane. Yes, I know.
It must have been a terrible shock.
I've been reproaching myself all the time.
Reproaching yourself? Why?
My dear, you don't need to.
What is it?
- Were you very frightened?
- At first.
I thought he was a savage.
Now I find out he wasn't. That's all.
I can't make it out. How did he get here?
What does it matter?
He's happy and...
At least he was until...
Father, did you hear his cry when that ape was shot?
- He'd probably never been unhappy before. - My dear, he's not like us.
He's white.
Whether white or not, those people, living a life like that... they've no emotions.
- They're hardly human.
He's human, all right.
Riano, send some of the boys out for firewood.
Am I interrupting anything serious?
Jane's got a theory that you were wrong in killing that ape.
- Wrong?
- Cruel.
To whom?
To him.
Why do you laugh, Harry?
Isn't that the best thing to do?
- Is it funny? - Funny?
Extremely.
That you should be considering the feelings of a man-ape.
It's a pity I didn't put two bullets into him and finish the job.
I wouldn't talk like that.
Don't you think it's being melodramatic and absurd?
- Absurd?
- Extremely.
Bwana, Mohammed dead in water. - How did it happen?
- Riano find man's footprint in mud.
You better call the rest of the boys back into camp.
You don't think he did it?
I don't know.
Harry, you can't do that.
- He isn't a wild animal. - He's a murderer.
So were you to him when you killed that ape.
We can't stay here and do nothing while he picks us off one by one.
We've to make him understand we mean him no harm.
- I could make him listen to me. - You can't even talk to him.
I know I could make him understand me.
Please let me try. - It's ridiculous. - Please let me try.
Shall we risk it?
- Perhaps if you think it's all right. Yes. - All right.
You mustn't do that. You promised. Harry, let me speak to him.
Harry, you mustn't.
Bwana.
Blood. I got him.
Tarzan.
Jane?
I wish you'd knock before you enter my boudoir.
I suppose you know that's going to make your head worse.
- Head?
- Yes, head.
Head. That thick bit under your hair.
No, Tarzan.
Oh, dear.
I really can't make you any more bandages.
You'll get dizzy. You'll fall.
You'll hurt yourself. Stop it at once. I'm not a bit amused.
Tarzan. You see, you'll fall.
Tarzan, where are you?
Come up. Where are you?
That wasn't a bit charming. It was just like a nasty, little boy.
- Boy? - Yes.
- Go? - Yes, go.
No.
Don't let me go.
Tarzan, don't.
I didn't say dunk. I said don't.
Tarzan, don't.
Nice Tarzan.
Take Jane bank.
Yeah. Bank.
Fooled you that time.
Tarzan! Watch out!
Help! Tarzan, save me!
What was that?
Where are you going?
Don't take me up. Stop.
Help, Tarzan. Don't.
I think you're the most horrible man I ever knew.
What color are your eyes?
Yes, I know.
The color of the forest. Gray-green.
I wonder what you'd look like dressed.
Pretty good.
You'd be a great success in London... and I believe you'd love it.
Or would you?
Women are such fools.
They'd spoil you.
I don't think you'd better look at me like that.
You're far too attractive.
I love saying things to a man who can't understand... who doesn't even know what kisses are.
Love it.
I daresay you would.
I think we'd better land.
Bank. Land.
Let go, Tarzan.
Go under.
Where are my boots?
I do wish you wouldn't be so playful.
Give me those boots.
Tarzan, please give me those boots.
Tarzan, let go of my foot.
That hurt me.
Don't be so funny. Now let go.
All right. When you've quite finished, I'll put my boots on.
Tarzan, you're tickling. Stop.
- Love it? - No such thing.
You can't get round me like that.
There's quite a difference, isn't there?
Do you like that difference?
You've never seen anyone like me before, have you?
Tarzan, where are you going? Don't go.
Tarzan, please.
- What's going on here?
- Boys tired, bwana.
Tired?
Give me that thing.
You tired?
Is anybody else tired?
Come on.
Tarzan... what am I doing here... alone, with you?
Perhaps I better not think too much about that.
Just be here... be happy.
And I am happy.
Not a bit afraid.
Not a bit sorry.
I wish I could make you understand.
Perhaps I can. Gradually.
Come here.
What are we going to do about us? - Us?
- You and I.
Darling, you got that right.
Tarzan. Jane.
Hurt me. Boy.
Love it.
Jane.
Darling, that's quite a sentence.
Tarzan, what is it?
- Yes, bwana.
- What? You're not fit to go on.
It's time you had a rest. - I'm the best judge of that.
- Rest today. Go on tomorrow. - What's the good of tomorrow to me?
- Tomorrow good like today.
You can do what you like. I'm going on. Come on now, Parker.
Just 10 minutes will refresh you. Come on.
Please.
Just 10 minutes, but no more. - All right.
Riano, some water.
- Yes, bwana.
Those are tears, Tarzan.
You've never seen tears before, have you?
You know why they're there?
We must say goodbye.
I must go to him.
Yes, I must.
I can't do it. He loves me. Love?
He loves me, too.
I'm all he's got.
- Goodbye? Yes.
Tarzan, don't look at me, not like that.
If you do, I shan't be able to go, and I must.
Don't you see?
Goodbye, my dear.
Why, he's brought me back.
Daddy.
There. You're all right, dear.
Don't go!
Come with us. We'll all go back together.
Jane, dear, you belong to us, and he brought you back.
Now you must let him go.
- He belongs to the jungle. - Not now.
He belongs to me.
No, my child.
Stay where you are.
Not a move out of anyone.
Can't stay here and be taken.
If we resist, we'll be butchered.
- Hand over your gun, Riano. - Yes, bwana.
If we do nothing, we stand a better chance of getting away. Perhaps you're right.
Are these pygmies?
No, they're dwarves.
Ready, Jane?
Yes, I'm ready.
- We're getting nearer. - Nearer what?
- I wish I knew.
Go to Tarzan, Cheeta!
It's dark in here. - It is dark, isn't it?
- Don't show any fear.
I'll try not to.
Father, stay close.
Harry, look!
Bwana!
Why have we stopped? Is something wrong?
Tarzan, what is it?
Look, he's wounded.
He wants them to change mounts.
No, we must go on.
But, Daddy, he's dying. I know.
Our one chance...
The elephants' graveyard.
If he's dying, he'll take us there.
But, Daddy, you can't. You're hurt.
No, I'm all right.
He's our one chance.
Tarzan, we must go, too. Understand?
Tarzan, with him.
It's beautiful.
Solemn and beautiful.
We shouldn't be here.
It's riches. Millions.
Parker, it's true.
We knew, didn't we?
Father, what is it?
We came this way once before.
There's something sad about retracing.
You've been very brave, Jane.
He found what he was looking for.
I know that somewhere, wherever the great hunters go, he's happy.
I can't bear to let you say goodbye like this. Goodbye?
You'll be coming back, Harry.
I can see a huge safari with you at the head... bearing ivory down to the coast.
Only this time, there'll be no danger... because we'll be there to protect you every step of the way.
A SHOCHIKU FILM
A PICTURE BOOK FOR GROWN-UPS
I WAS BORN, BUT...
Original Story by JAMES MAKI
Screenplay by AKIRA FUSHIMI
Production Design TAKASHI KAWANO
Screen Adaptation GEIBEI IBUSHIYA
Directed by YASUJIRO OZU
Director of Photography and Editor HIDEO MOHARA
Assistant Directors AKIRA KIYOSUKE, KENKICHI HARA
Art Direction TAKEJIRO TSUNODA, YOSHIRO KIMURA
Set Decoration SHINTARO MIMURA, TSUNETARO INOUE
TATSUO SAITO MITSUKO YOSHIKAWA
HIDEO SUGAWARA TOMIO AOKI aka Tokkan Kozo
TAKESHI SAKAMOTO TERUYO HAYAMI
SEIICHI KATO SHOICHI KOFUJITA
SEIJI NISHIMURA ZENTARO IIJIMA
SHOTARO FUJIMATSU MASAO HAYAMA
MICHIO SATO KUNIYASU HAYASHI
AKIO NOMURA TERUAKI ISHIWATARI
You go on ahead. Tell your mother I went to see Mr. Iwasaki.
Mr. Yoshii stopped in to pay his respects to the boss.
That's why he's a manager. You could learn from him.
Go call somebody.
Welcome to the neighborhood. Need anything from the liquor store?
Not today, thank you. We still have some we brought with us.
Please feel free to ask our houseboy to help with your move.
A funny-looking kid's just moved in.
He's always getting into mischief.
All young boys should have a little mischief in them.
Look at him. He's got a face like a bug.
"Upset tummy. Please don't feed him anything."
Who made my brother cry?
Where did you move here from?
Azabu.
I'll give it to you good at school.
This is our new home.
You need to get along with the local kids.
MORNING...
You like your new school?
We like the walk there and the walk home.
But the part in between isn't much fun.
Aren't they coming to school?
You must get Es for "excellent" at your new school.
I got an E in every subject, including calligraphy and arithmetic.
School's already started.
He's mean.
It's early, but let's eat lunch anyway.
I forgot my chopsticks.
I'm supposed to get an E in calligraphy today.
How's life in the suburbs?
Very quiet. Good for the children too.
Mr. Iwasaki would like to see you.
"Good for the children," he says.
More like good for scoring points by living near the boss.
There's no grade on it.
Are you any good at writing?
Can you write an E just like the teacher does?
I got an E.
Then maybe your father will buy you something special.
That worked well.
Sissies!
Too scared to come to school?
Say that again!
We'll save him for later.
The teacher!
I thought they were going to school every day.
Well, I'm glad to hear he's not sick.
Your younger son's teacher was worried too.
I'll give them a good talking-to.
Ryoichi got an E today.
Dad, you must be tired from working hard all day.
What school did you go to today?
Where did you write that?
Why are you boys skipping school?
Don't you want to become somebody?
Yes, but some bullies at school pick on us.
They can't if you just ignore them.
But they'll still beat us up.
THE NEXT MORNING...
We wouldn't have to go to school if we couldn't get across.
Dad said to ignore them.
But if we do, they'll beat us up for sure.
I wish they'd ignore us when we hit them.
May I use the bathroom?
It's a sparrow's egg.
Why did you bring it to school?
NOT TO BE OUTDONE...
If you eat it, you can be as strong as him.
He ate it. Now he'll be a great fighter.
You know why Mom's so happy?
It's payday for Dad.
I found a sparrow's nest.
I think my mom will buy some beer today.
Would you care for any beer today?
Bring half a dozen bottles, please.
So now will you beat up that bully Kamekichi for us?
My lucky day.
You ought to turn it in to the police.
They'd let me keep it if it were something smaller.
You want change?
Wait here. We'll be right back.
Pick on those two again and you'll hear from me.
Tell him off too.
He's a good customer. His folks buy more than yours.
Who made my kid cry?
His father can look really scary.
That's nothing. You should see what mine can do.
A caramel, Dad?
Can your dads take their teeth out like my dad?
My dad's got lots of suits.
That's 'cause he's a tailor.
My dad's the most important.
That's my dad's car.
So my dad's more important than yours.
My dad's car is fancier.
That's 'cause it's a hearse.
DAYS LATER, THE SPARROW'S EGG HAS AN UNEXPECTED EFFECT...
It's not distemper.
His hair's falling out. Might be something he ate.
Try giving him this.
Maybe you'd better take some too.
Why won't you lie down?
I've got my best clothes on. We're having company tonight.
They're going to show home movies at his place.
I gave you a sparrow's egg, so let me come.
No, you can't come. You didn't give me an egg.
THAT NIGHT...
I brought an egg. Let me watch the movies.
You boys are here too?
It's like the lion on the toothpaste tube.
Which end does the toothpaste come out of?
The tail end.
Are they black stripes on white or the other way around?
Black stripes on white.
No, white stripes on black.
If you're going to be so noisy, go home.
You'd make a good comic actor.
It wasn't fair of you to take those.
Your father's funny.
You think Dad's an important man?
I guess so.
Stupid! He's not.
Oh, you boys are home already.
You tell us to become somebody, but you're nobody!
Why do you have to bow so much to Taro's father?
His father's a big executive in my company.
Why don't you become a big executive?
It isn't that easy. I'm one of his employees.
He pays my salary.
Then don't let him pay you.
Yeah!
You pay him instead!
If he didn't pay me, you couldn't go to school.
You couldn't eat.
Let's not eat anything starting tomorrow.
Why is Taro's father a big executive and you're not?
Because he has money.
Does money make him important?
Some people without money are important too.
Are you important?
Why are you pestering me with these questions?
See?
He's not.
I'm not afraid of you.
You're a weakling.
A yellowbelly.
Be good boys and stop your crying.
I'm stronger than Taro, and I get better grades.
If I have to work for him when I grow up, then I'm not going to school anymore.
You got a spanking.
Just 'cause he spanked me doesn't make him important.
I give up.
I need a drink.
Couldn't you have explained it to them a little more gently?
I know how they feel.
But what else could I have said?
Do you think they really understood?
It's a problem kids these days will face all their lives.
I don't cozy up to the boss because I enjoy it.
Are you kidding?
But we're far better off now than we were before.
I know that.
Will they lead the same sorry lives we have?
Don't become miserable apple-polishers like me, boys.
THE NEXT MORNING...
Hurry up, before your father scolds you.
We're not eating.
We don't want anything.
Make them some rice balls.
How about growing up to be even greater men than your father?
I'm counting on you both to be big successes!
What are you going to be when you grow up?
A lieutenant general.
Why not a full general?
He says I can't. That's what he's gonna be.
AND SO, AS USUAL...
You better go say good morning to him, Dad.
Who's got the best dad, you or us?
You do.
No, you do.
THE END
'Ecstasy'
'Welcome'
Telegram
Berlin: 'Our most heartfelt congratulations.'
The Schmidt Family.
Cry, when love broke your heart...
Flowers bloom and wither to then grow again, when the sweet song of the birds is heard in the fields and woods.
Like a man's love comes back with wanting and regrets, like the blood runs back to the heart, that's how life circulates.
Cry, when love broke your heart.
Cry, why shouldn't you?
And laugh, like youth and beauty do when life still promises joy and happiness.
Cry, when love broke your heart.
Cry, why shouldn't you?
Eva!
Eva!
Eva!
Hello?
Dad...
Telephone.
Come.
Hello.
No.
No.
What?
Yes.
Good night.
Why did I have to lie?
So that I have my peace.
So that you have your peace.
What happened?
Nothing, Dad.
Nothing? !
As if I could hear your mum talk.
You still have your whole life ahead.
Yes, that's exactly why.
Good night.
Daddy!
I have never understood you, neither you nor your mother.
...Eva Hermann, Defendant, Emil Hermann.
Asking for divorce of their marriage because of unmendable differences.
Put that in the next paragraph and use stamps 5 and 10.
The request for divorce, because of unmendable differences caused by the defendant, is based on the following reasons, hyphen...
This horrible cold!
My marriage was a mistake.
The very first day of it, I realized that we didn't have anything in common at all.
Perlod.
Where is my handkerchief?
From the very first day on, the defendants behavior...
No, the defendants egotistic and careless behavior... behavior...
Is it gonna be much longer?
I need more paper.
Three more pages.
Loni!
Loni!
Okay, this evening.
But into town I have to drive alone...
Because of the people.
Where have you been?
We have been waiting for you, the whole night.
What more do you want from me?
You.
It's too late.
Are you driving into town?
Would you take me along?
A glass of water, please.
Of course.
Some change, please.
Some change, please.
Change, please...
Some change please...
There you go.
Six cylinders?
Nice car.
I'm happy that I have met you.
Today I wouldn't wanna break my neck.
I have...
I also will buy a car.
Also a two-seater.
Why should I drag along a third person?
Isn't it?
Don't you feel well?
May I take you to a hotel?
You have to take a rest.
It's the heat.
It's okay.
You will see, tomorrow you will feel a lot better.
I think so, too.
Good evening.
Do you have another wish?
No.
'My dear Mother!
Today, it is... '
Terrlble...
And I'm partly responsible.
What...?
You know who that is?
No.
I don't know...
We came here together.
I should have seen it in his eyes.
And I could have prevented it...
If I consider that he had also loved someone.
So you don't know it?
Come...
We will wait at the train station overnight.
Excuse me.
Do we now have a connection to Berlin?
No, first there is one in the other direction, but the next one has a connection.
Thank you.
There you can still sleep for a long time.
Your son had an accident. Please come immediately.
Tell him...
No...
Don't tell him anything.
(chanting work song)
(work song continues)
End
Cast
Eva's father
- Leopold Kramer
Worker
- Eduard Slegl Antonin Kibovy
Dancer
- Jan Svitak
Director
- Gustav Machaty
Assistant Director/scene designer - Alexander Hackenschmied
Scrlpt
- Gustav Machaty and Frantisek Horky
Camera
- Jan Stallich Hans Androschin
Architect
- Bohumil Hes Stepan Kopecky
Musik - Giuseppe Becce
Musical arrangement - Franz Schimak Walter Kiesow
Song lyrics - Hedy Knorr
Song arrangement - Walter Kiesow
Production - Gustav Machaty for Elektra Film AG
Producer - Gustav Machaty
Editing - Antonin Zelenka
Sound - Josef Zora
Studio
- AB Vinohrady, Prague Schonbrunn Atelier, Vienna
Film Remasterlng
Technician
Scientific Director
LAND WITHOUT BREAD
This film was shot in 1932 soon after the founding of the Spanish Republic.
The region we are going to visit is called Las Hurdes.
It's barren and inhospitable and man is forced to fight for subsistence.
The first road to las Hurdes was built only in 1922.
Before that, it was unknown to the rest of the world and even in Spain.
On the way to Las Hurdes, we pass La Alberca.
It's a bit more prosperous, but still feudal.
Almost all the inhabitants of Las Hurdes are in debt to this town.
The church at La Alberca.
Two skulls in their niches symbolise the town's destiny.
Most homes have three storeys.
This is rare in Spain and gives the streets a medieval aspect.
Many homes have a religious text over the door:
"Ave Maria, conceived without sin."
The day we arrived, the women were dressed in their finery.
Why were they dressed so beautifully?
They said they were going to the plaza for an annual ceremony that's strange and barbaric.
Newly wedded men gather.
Each must take up the head of a rooster.
A rope extends across the street.
On it hangs a rooster tied by the legs.
The men gallop by and try to catch a head.
After parading in triumph with the heads the grooms offer everyone wine.
It's a time for enjoyment.
In the crowd, a baby adorned with silver medals.
They are like amulets from Africa or Oceania.
By 7 pm almost everyone is drunk.
3 kilometers away, from a hill top we look down on the 52 villages of Las Hurdes.
They have a total population of ten thousand.
Down steep slopes to the valley of the Batuecas inhabited by a solitary monk and his maid.
For centuries this has been home to monks of the Carmelite order.
They preached Christianity in the villages of Las Hurdes.
Batuecas has a rich prehistory.
Skilful cave paintings representing men, goats and bees.
Toads, snakes and lizards are now the only inhabitants of these ruins.
Rich vegetation with more than 200 species of trees.
Yet 5 kilometres from this fertile valley there are almost no trees.
Just a few fruit trees, rockroses and heather.
The convent is surrounded by an 8 kilometer wall.
It protects from attacks by wolves and wild boar.
Inside are the scattered ruins of 18 hermitages.
Each is marked by a cypress or two.
Beyond here... .. lies Las Hurdes proper.
We are entering the barren lands of Las Hurdes.
The village of Aceitunilla is in one of the poorest valleys.
The white building is the school, built recently.
On its sloping streets we encounter daily life.
Strange, but we never heard anyone singing in Las Hurdes.
A miserable rivulet runs through the village down from the hills.
In summer, water in scarce.
The villagers are obliged to use this filthy water.
Strange things go on here.
The rivulet serves many purposes.
Three children eat a slice of bread dipped in water.
Until recently bread was almost unheard of here.
It was given them by their teacher who makes the children eat in his presence fearing their parents will take it from themif they take it home.
The children are summoned to school.
These ragged, barefoot urchins receive the same education as children the world over.
Clothing is brought back by Hurdanos who leave each summer for Castilla and Andalusia.
They go there mainly to beg.
When they return, they exchange clothing for potatoes.
These hungry children are learning algebra.
In some villages of Las Hurdes most of the children are orphans.
They are abandoned children whom the women of Las Hurdes bring back from Public Assistance in Cuidad Rodrigo a two-day walk away across the hills.
The women raise the children in exchange for 15 pesetas a month.
This miserable sum is enough for an entire family... .. until the not-so-distant day when the practice is outlawed.
An unexpected and shocking picture we saw in the school.
Who could have made this absurd engraving?
We opened at random a book of maxims we found on a table.
One of the best students writes on a slate one of the book's maxims.
It's the same the world over: "Respect other people's property!"
In this relatively fertile valley there are some walnut, cherry and olive trees.
This is the village of Martilandran.
The shapes between the trees, resembling the shell of some mythical animal are just the roof tiles of the village.
Entering the village, we are greeted by a chorus of coughing.
Most of the villagers are ill.
It's a scene of devastating misery.
The principle disease here is goitre.
Look at this woman with her goitre:
She's only 32 years old.
We visit the village in the company of the mayor.
On an empty street we see a girl.
We ask the mayor what's wrong with her.
He tells us the girl's been there 3 days without moving.
She must be sick.
One of us goes up to her to find out what's wrong with her throat.
He asks her to open her mouth.
Her gums and throat are inflamed.
Sadly there's nothing we can do for her.
Two days later we returned to the village.
We asked after the girl and were told she had died.
What do the people of this sterile land eat?
Almost the only food here is potatoes and beans,and then not always.
Especially in June and July there's not enough food.
The only meat is pork.
But only the wealthier families have a pig.
Once a year a pig is slaughtered. The meat lasts three days.
Olive trees grow in more fertile spots.
But the olives are usually eaten by insects.
The best animal for such infertile land is the goat.
Its milk is reserved for the gravely ill, who mop it up with bread brought from afar by the beggars, and given only to the sick.
Goat meat is only eaten when a goat dies.
This happens from time to time on the steep slopes.
The main industry in Las Hurdes is apiculture.
But most of the hives don't belong to the Hurdanos.
And the honey the bees get from heather is very bitter.
The owners of the hives are from La Alberca.
They only let the Hurdanos have the hives in winter.
It's milder here than in the neighbouring province of Salamanca.
In spring they take the hives to Castilla.
Then, it's common to see pack animals laden with hives heading for Castilla.
One day, we came across a donkey laden with hives.
Two Hurdanos are taking it to Salamanca.
Later, while we were eating, we were asked for help.
The donkey was tied up and one of the hives had fallen.
It was being attacked by bees.
It tried to defend itself but more hives had fallen.
And swarms of bees had descended on it.
An hour later it was dead.
A month before our arrival three men and eleven donkeys had died the same way.
May and June are the hardest months in Las Hurdes.
The potatoes have run out.
The villagers eat unripe cherries.
It gives them dysentery.
This is when the exodus begins.
All the able-bodied men who don't have a fever head for Castilla or Extremadura to find work in the fields.
We came across several of these caravans: of 10, 30, 50 men.
They were carrying only a blanket.
They have neither money nor bread and they are going on foot to find work.
We came upon another group several days later.
They were returning as they'd come, without money or bread.
How do the Hurdanos prepare the land to grow their crops?
First they choose a spot close to the riverbank.
Then they cut down the rockrose and heather.
Their tools are rudimentary: pickaxe and shovel.
These are the only tools they have.
The plough is almost unknown.
Once the plot has been cleared they put up stone walls, without mortar.
The wall will protect the plot from winter floods.
One the wall is up, they have to look for fertile soil in the hills.
They put it in sacks and carry them through the brambles to their plots.
This usually takes several weeks.
A thin layer of fertile soil now covers the plots.
The first year sees an abundant harvest, but then the soil is exhausted.
There's no nitrogen and it turns sterile.
All the plots in Las Hurdes are thin bands beside a river.
Winter storms can destroy the work of a whole year.
A characteristic winding river in Las Hurdes with tiny plots beside it.
With no money or domestic animals .the Hurdanos have no fertiliser.
They have to go up into the hills to look for it.
That's what this family is doing.
The way is hard and footwear is scarce.
The best fertiliser is made by the Hurdanos themselves from the dry leaves of the strawberry tree.
They fill their sacks with the precious leaves.
But there are many snakes hereabouts.
This villager was bitten a few days ago while collecting leaves.
The bite itself is hardly ever mortal.
But, by trying to cure themselves, the Hurdanos sometimes die.
Having collected their leaves the villagers return home.
They spread out the contents of their sacks indoors.
People and animals alike sleep on the leaves.
The leaves gradually decompose. And, several months later:
...they can be used as fertiliser.
A house in Fragosa.
A bed of leaves extends from the doorway.
Every home in Las Hurdes is like this.
A typical interior.
The utensils are primitive and few.
The smoke escapes where it can. There's no chimney or windows.
In summer the water courses run almost dry.
This leads to malaria brought by anophelese mosquitos.
Almost everyone in Las Hurdes has malaria.
A battle against the disease is being fought by doctors in the three "Trading Posts" of Las Hurdes.
The larvae have to rise to the surface to breathe.
If it stays parallel to the surface it's anophelese.
If it stays perpendicular, it's a culex larva: and harmless.
The adult anophelese is found in every home.
See how it rests perpendicular to the wall.
The outcome of an anophelese bite.
This man has a fever.
We encounter many sick people in the streets.
This sick woman on a balcony is unaware of our presence.
Balconies are rare in Las Hurdes.
There are many dwarfs and cretins in Las Altas Hurdes.
Their families usually employ them as goat herds.
Some are dangerous.
They flee from other people or attack them with stones.
They are found at nightfall in the hills as they return to their village.
We found it very hard to film them.
The realism of a painting by Zurbaran or Ribera is nothing to reality itself.
The degenaration of these people is caused mainly by hunger lack of hygiene, poverty and incest.
The shortest person here is 28 years old.
An older cretin.
We were only able to film these virtual savageswith the help of a friend from Las Hurdes, who acted as intermediary.
One day we saw a group of people in front of a doorway.
A child has just died.
The mother.
A death is one of the rare events in these miserable villages.
The women gather at the house of the deceased.
It's hard to transport a corpse.
Most villages don't have a cemetery.
They have to take this child to the cemeteryin Nunomoral.
We decided to follow.
The body was placed on a trough and carried for several miles through the thickets.
If the dead person is an adult the body is tied to a ladder and carried to the cemetery.
It's a journey that can take hours.
Crossing a river with a corpse.
Despite the misery in which the Hurdanos live their moral and religious sense is the same as anywhere else in the world.
Each grave is indicated by a cross.
Or by a piece of wood.
The only luxuries in Las Hurdes are the churches.
This is in one of the poorest villages.
A better-off home.
Father, son, daughter-in-law and two grandchildren.
The paper cut-outs on the wall add a touch of interior design.
In some villages, a woman roams the streets at night.
She announces deaths.
She rings a bell and stops to pray.
Everyone lives in a single room.
But this home is a little more comfortable.
There's a stable on the ground floor and upstairs a kitchen and living space.
There's even a bed.
In winter, the Hurdanos sleep fully clothed.
The wear their clothes until they wear out.
This woman says:
"Nothing keeps one awake more than thoughts of death...
"Or reciting an Ave Maria for someone's soul."
We left after two months in Las Hurdes.
The misery shown in this film is not without remedy.
Elsewhere in Spain, hill people, peasants and workers have achieved better conditions through mutual self-help.
They have made demands of the authorities for a better life.
...will give impetus to the coming elections and lead to a Popular Front government.
The military rebellion backed by Hitler and Mussolini seeks to bring back the privileges of the rich.
But the workers and peasants of Spain will defeat Franco and his cronies.
With the help of anti-fascists from all over the world civil war will give way to peace, work and happiness.
And the miserable homes you saw in this film will disappear for ever.
Previously On "Ugly Betty"...
I Got It. Here It Is.
Who Is That?
You Surprise Me,Betty.
Breaking Into My Apartment?
I Was Just There For The Book.
I Didn't Mean To Hear Anybody Having Sex. Dwayne And I Are Dear Old Friends.
That Had Nothing To Do With Bradford.
Keep Your Mouth Shut And Your Old Man Comes Home.
So Lie To Daniel?
Not Lie, Just Don't Say Anything.
That Crack House In The Bronx. I Want To See My Children.
Look,They're A Family. Let's Go To Italy.
I Object!
Edyou Wait Till Now To Tell Me?
You're Fired.
That Woman Doesn't Love You. Get Out Of My Way.
From This Day-
Dad!
Someone Call 9-1-1.
Don't You Dare Die!
This Is Suzuki St. Pierre With More Meade Madness.
While There's No Actual News To Report On The Condition
Of Publishing Tycoon Bradford Meade,
There's Plenty Of Gossip And Innuendo,
And That's Good Enough For Me.
Oh,My God,Alexis.
How Are You? How-How's Your Dad?
He's,Uh... He's Still Unconscious.
It Was A Massive Heart Attack.
Alexis,The Doctor Wants To Talk To Us.
Hey,Thanks For Coming.
Of Course,Daniel,I-
It Means A Lot To Me To Have You Here. Of Course.
Come On.
I Don't Think He Saw You.
No,He Saw Me.
He Hates Me.
I Really Am Fired.
What Are You Gonna Do Now?
Clean Out My Desk.
Um,Hello?
Oh,Hey.
I Know You. Betty Suarez.
I'm L'amanda. Weekend Security.
La-Manda?
That's Funny,'Cse,Uh, The Girl Who Normally Sits Here,
Her Name Is A-Manda. Well,I'm Better.
So,Uh, I See You The Girl
That's Datin' That Henry Grubstick.
You Know,He Sometime Come In Here On Saturday']
Yeah,I Mean,I Guess He's Kinda My Boyfriend.
He Sure Is Sweet. I Call Him Sugarstick.
Like To Lick Some Of That. You Ever Try?
Um,Well,We Kiss...
And Other Things.
Wow,Uh,It's Quiet Here On The Weekends.
Just Like I Like It. Why Are You In Here?
Oh,I'm Cleaning Out My Desk.
I Got Fired.
Rough. Sugarstick Know?
No,Actually, I Haven't Told Him.
Oh,Well, I May Have A Shot.
Men Like A Woman With A Job.
Okay,I'm,Uh,Gonna...
Well,Take Care Of Your Business,Sister.
You've Had A Rough Year At This Place,Too.
Hey,That's My Bunny.
Oh,My God,It's Me.
You're... Me.
I... I Don't Understand.
Are You My Ghost?
Am I Dead?
They Buried In My Poncho?
No,It's My First Day Of Work,And-
Hey,You're Me In The Future.
Tell Me What Happens. Am I Running The Magazine?
No. You Get Fired And Leave In Disgrace.
Yeah,Right. That's Funny.
Hey,I've Been Looking For That.
I Thought Amanda Took It.
I Just Met Her. She Seems Kind Of Mean,
But Maybe Shs Just Having A Bad Day.
No,She's Mean. But I Need That Back.
I'm Packing All My Things Up. Hold On.
You Mean You Actually Got Fired?
How Did That Happen?
I Lied To Daniel, And He Found Out.
You Lied?
I Had To.
Wilhelmina Caught Me Breaking Into Her Apartment
To Steal The Book. Whoa,Wait.
You Broke Into An Apartment And Stole Something?
Look,I Was Just Doing My Job.
Wow. What's Happened To You? I Mean,You've Changed.
I Barely Even Recognize You Except For The Braces,
And God,When Are We Getting Those Off?
Look, I Have Not Changed,
And Gosh,You Ask A Lot Of Questions.
Well,Only Because I Can't Imagine
How You're Doing The Things You're Doing.
We're Just Not That Kind Of Girl.
Look,You're A Sweet Kid,Okay?
But You're Young And Naive,
And It's A Lot Trickier Than You Think.
Well,I Don't See What's So Tricky About It.
I Mean,If It's So Hard To Be A Good Person In This Place,
Well,Then Maybe It's A Good Thing We're Leaving.
Betty.
Christina,Are You Real?
Are We Done With This Game Then? Yeah.
I Came To Help You Pack Up Your Things.
I Thought This Might Be A Bit Hard For You.
Christina,Have I Changed...
Since I First Started At "Mode"?
Well,I Think It's Hard Not To Change.
I Don't Know. It's This Place.
It Does Something To You.
Can You Believe This Is Even Happening?
Bradford Seemed Fine.
No,And He's Still Handsome
In,Like,A Sean Connery Kind Of Way.
Why Is It Always Sadder When Tragedy Strikes Hot People?
No,I Want You To Get The Hell Out Of Here!
Daniel, Let's Not Make A Scene. Intensive Care Is For Family Members,
And Since You Never Married My Father,
You're Not Part Of The Family. Stay Out.
I'm Sorry You All Had To See That.
I Caught Him Poking Around The Morphine Drawer.
I Swear,Underneath It All, He's Still A Good Boy.
Marc,Get The Car. On It.
All Right,People, Get Out Of The Way.
I Got A Very Important Person Here.
Come On,You Wanna Earn The Badge? Let's Go.
Out Of The Way, Looky-Loos.
My Name Is Marc St. James,
And I'm Playing A Part In This Drama.
Bradford Meade's To-Die-For Cavalli Suit
May Have Been Just That.
The Publishing Tycoon Was Rushed
I'm Just Wanna Check On The Football Score. Football?
Bradford Meade Is In The Hospital.
I'm Sure All The Games Have Been Canceled.
Hello. Any News On Mr. Meade?
They Still Haven't Found The Suit. No,I Mean, How Is Mr. Meade?
Well,He's In A Robin's Egg Blue Hospital Gown
They Say He's Still Unconscious.
What Is That?
Uh,My Things From The Office.
Oh,My Baby.
I'm So Sorry.
I Know How Much This Job Meant To You.
It's Okay,Dad. I'm Okay.
Give Me Daniel's Number.
I'll Tell Him The Only Reason You Lied To Him
About Wilhelmina's Affair Was To Get Me Home From Mexico.
Dad,No. Look,It's - It's Probably All For The Best.
Good For You,Honey.
Next,You Join A Gym And Get Smoking Hot.
Then When You Run Into Daniel,
He'll Be Begging You To Come Back.
That's The Way I Always Play It.
Mija, You Okay?
I've Just-
I've Been Thinking About This Last Year,
And... Dad,I've Done Things That I Never Thought I'd Do.
And I Was The One Person Daniel Trusted.
I Let Him Down.
Hello,Betty. So Much For My Nap.
Mrs. Meade,You're Alive And In My Bedroom.
Actually, In Our Last Hideout,
We Had Separate Rooms And A Fireplace.
Um,Okay,Uh,I Don't Even Know Who You Are,
But You Can't Be Here.
Betty,I'm Leaving The Country Tonight,
But I Need A Favor.
Um,No. No,I-I Can't Help You Get Out Of The Country.
You're A Felon. You Could Get Us All In Trouble,
And My Father Just Became A Citizen.
Here,I Can Give You A Hat. What About This Sweater? I Like This.
It's Not For Me. It's For My Children.
I Told You, They Gon' Be Fine.
They White.
I Need To Find Out If Bradford's Changed The Will.
If Wilhelmina Got To Him,
He May Have Left Her The Company.
And I Can't Disappear Without Knowing
My Children Are Taken Care Of.
How Am I Supposed To Know Anything About Bradford's Will?
I Will Tell You Where It Is And How To Get It.
It's Right In His Office.
No. I Don't Know. Mrs. Meade,I Don't Know.
I Mean This Is Exactly The Type Of Thing
I Need To Stop Doing.
Why Would You Stop Helping People You Care About?
I Thought You And Daniel Were Friends.
You're My Only Hope.
Fine.
Fine,I Will Do It, But For Daniel.
I Owe Him This.
I Just Spoke To Amanda.
No Change. Bradford's Still Unconscious.
It Was A Beautiful Wedding, Willie,
Right Up Until The Heart Attack.
Yes,And Thanks To His Inconvenient Collapse,
Now My Future Is In Limbo.
Oh,I Know You Don't Like The Limbo
Or The Electric Slide Or Any Forced Party Dancing.
I Was Supposed To Walk Into That Building On Monday
As Mrs. Bradford Meade, Owning Half The Company.
Without That Ring On My Finger, I Don't Know Where I Stand.
I Know He Changed The Will.
I Just Don't Know What It Says.
For All I Know,
He Could Be Leaving Everything To... Charity.
Marc,I Think You Know What We Need To Do.
Find This Chity Person And Kill Her.
We Need To Get Our Hands On The Will.
Yeah.
Hey,L'amanda.
I Just Forgot One Thing. I Need To Scoot Back To My Desk.
Sorry. Aah,Excuse Me?
You Are No Longer Permitd In These Offices.
Now I Have Received Word You Are No Longer An Employee.
You Received Word From Me. I Told You That.
If I Hadn't, You Wouldn't Know. Suarez,I Have A Gun,
And I Will Not Hesitate To Use It.
They Give You A Gun?
No,Girl, They Didn't Give Me No Gun,
But I Swear To You, I Will Jump Out This Circle Desk
And Tackle You. It'll Just Be A Second.
Okay,Here I Come, 'Cause See,You - Okay,Okay,Okay.
I'm Going. Get On Outta Here.
That's Right,And Trust Me, You Don't Want To Mix Up
With The Weekend Security, Suarez.
Respect Yourself And Get Outta Here.
I See U,Suarez!
Hey,Are You Okay?
Oh,Yeah,My Father's Upstairs Fighting For His Life.
I'm Taking It Out On This Vending Machine.
He's Gonna Be Okay,Daniel.
You Told Everyone That Yourself.
Come On,Amanda.
It's Just...
You Always Think You're Gonna Have More Time With Someone.
I Never Told Him I Loved Him.
Do You Love Him?
Yes.
Yes.
We Were Just Never One Of Those Families.
We Never Said It.
Look,Daniel,
You May Never Have Gotten His Love Or Approval,
But At Least You Got His Jawline.
Daniel,He's Not Gone.
He's Right Upstairs,
And You Can Still Go Tell Him Anything You Want To.
Hey,L'amanda.
Hey,Cutie-Pie.
You Just Missed Your Girlfriend,Betty Suarez.
Ugh. Girlfriend. Please.
I Don't Know How Many Times I Have To Tell That Girl,
That Is Not The Way I Roll.
Oh,Really?
Oh,No.
I'm Sweet Like Sugar, Soft Like Suede,
But Unlike A Piano, I Never Get Played.
Ooh,Honey,Listen,
I Will Play You Like Stevie Wonder
Sugarstick, Where You Been All My Life?
Math Camp.
Mm,Well,1 Plus 1...
Is 2.
I Knew That.
I Knew You Knew That.
I'm Glad You Knew That I Knew That You Knew
That I Knew That.
Betty?
Who The Hell Are You?
Uh,Cable Company.
I Didn't Let Anyone In From A Cable Company.
The Cable Company.
Seriously?
Mrs. Meade?
How Many Homes Did You Break Into
Before You Got Caught?
The Cable Company.
You Tell Me That I'm Stupid...
Why You Got To Be Bustin' Me Out Like That In Front Of People?
Fish,Don't Do This, And Fish Don't Do That. I Told You This Was Not A Good-
You Know Exactly What You're Doing... Everybody Believes Somebody Came...
Mr. Suarez, So Nice To See You Again. Hi.
I'm Just Saying,
You Looked A Little Too Into The Whole Sugarstick Thing.
Hey,I Let You Slip Past L'amanda
So You Can Get The Key To The Executive Floor.
It's Kind Of Nice Having The Sweetness Recognized. I Call You Sweet All The Time.
I Know. I'm Just Playin' Ya. Don't Do That.
Sorry. Okay,I'm Gonna Go In And Look For The Safe.
You Be Lookout. Oh,No,I Wanna Look For The Safe.
No,You're Lookout. Okay,You're Acting Sort Of Bossy.
Oh. Oh,God,I-I Am.
I Used To Just Be A Liar And A Thief,
And Now I'm Bossy,Too.
Sweetie,If It Makes You Feel Any Better,
You've Always Been A Little Bossy. Oh,Thank You, Sugarstick.
If I Ate Lunch,
Now Would Be The Time To Lose It.
What Are You Two Doing Here?
I Imagine E Same Thing You're Doing Here.
You're Looking For A Memento
To Remember Your Dying Husband?
Oh,Um, Technically Fianc?
That's One.
Yes,Uh,We Are Here Looking For A Memento,Too.
Yeah,Mr. Meade Meant A Lot To Me,
Being My Girlfriend's Boss' Father.
Well,Don't Let Us Stop You.
Or Us You.
Nope.
No Memento There.
Nothing In Here,Either.
What Is It?
Everyone's Salaries.
Nice,Willie.
Oh,Let's End This.
I Can't Stand Another Minute In This Room
With Tweedledee And Tweedle Diego.
Obviously,You Want To Find The Will For Daniel.
I Don't Know What You're Talking About.
Oh,Betty. We Both Want The Same Thing.
Why Don't We Agree To Find The Will,
Read It,Shake Hands,
Wash Our Hands And Go On With Our Lives?
Please, Do You Really Think
I Enjoy Scheming,Lying, And Scurrying About
Like Some Rat With Great Cheekbones?
Yes,I Think You Do.
Mm,Maybe A Little.
But Seriously, I Am Tired Of The Drama.
So Much Drama.
The Will Is In The Wall Safe.
I Have The Combination.
I low Ouyou'ren Trble,Mrs. Meade,
But I Don't Like It.
My Betty's Doing Things She Shouldn't Be Doing. I Did Not Force Her To Do Anything.
She Said She Wanted Do It For Daniel.
Daniel? After The Way He Treated Her?
Why?
What-What Happened?
I'll Tell You What Happened.
Papi.
It's My Other Daughter. Hide.
She Won't Like This.
Are You There?
What Are You Doing Lying On Betty's Bed?
Oh,Nothing.
Putting Away Some Clothes And Got Tired.
Who's She?
Exterminator.
Unbelievable.
Mrs. Meade?
You Are The Worst Fugitive In The World.
Okay,Just So We're Clear, We Read The Will,
And No Matter Who Wins, We Respect Mr. Meade's Wishes.
Agreed.
I Just Want To Be Done Here
And Go Back To Mourning My Late Husband.
Um,He's Not Dead Yet,
And,Once Again, You're Not Technically Married.
That's Two.
Just Know,People Don't Make It To Three.
Okay,Uh,Here We Go.
Oh,Al Capone's Vault. It's Empty.
The Boat Takes Us To Naples, We Clear Customs,
We Start A New Life In Italy. If You Make It.
We Gon' Make It.
You Have Passports?
Ooh,Darn, We Forgot The Passport-
Yeah,We Got Some Passports. Show 'Em.
I Have The Travel Documents.
She Has The Puzzles.
Are You Out Of Your Mind?
What?
Well,She Kinda Looks Like The Picture
On Her Fake Passport,
But,Um,You Don't,
And You're Claire Meade.
Your Face Is Everywhere.
If You Wanna Be "Maria Elena Sonzoni"...
You Gotta Look Like Maria Elena Sonzoni.
I'm Sorry,But I Just Haven't Had Time For A Makeover.
Oh. Well...
Lady Fugitive,You Have Come To The Right Place.
The Will's Supposed To Be In The Safe.
I Don't Understand.
Damn Bradford.
Always So Paranoid. Everything Was Such A Secret.
Secret. Secret?
Secret Room! Secret Room!
What Room?
What Are You Talking About?
What's Going On?
Oh,Betty,There's Something On Your Glasses.
Really?
Oops. Sorry.
Oh,My God, That Actually Worked.
Come On,Curly. Right Behind You,Moe.
Marc! Marc! Marc,No!
No,No! Marcmarc!
So What Do You Think?
Sweet.
You Know,You Could Do A Lot Of Business
In The Escapee Community.
You Look Like Chita Rivera.
What?
No,No,No, That's A Compliment.
It's Okay,Dad.
You Don't Have To Fight Anymore.
Just Know That I Love You.
If You're Ready, You Can Go.
What Are You Doing?
I'm Helping Him.
Go. Go Towards The Light.
No,Dad. Don't Go To The Light.
Light Bad. No Light,No - Will You Stop?
The Doctors Practically Told Us
He's Not Going To Come Out Of This. Dad-
He Is T Gonna Die. Stay Away From That Damn Light,Dad.
Daniel,I Am Trying To Help Him Find The Light. Listen To Me.
What Are You Doing?
You're Not Helping Him. Yes,I Am Helping Him.
You're Sending Him To The Light. He's Not - Will You Two Stop Fighting?
Dad? You're Awake.
Dad,Can You Hear Us?
Dad. See? Ow.
Mr. Meade And Fey Sommers Had A Secret Sex Room?
Yeah. I Know About It. Marc Knows About It.
That's Where The Will Has To Be.
Does Anybody Else Know About It?
Um,Yeah,Christina. Oh,And I Think Amanda.
Oh,So Apparently Everyone Knew
About The Big,Fancy Sex Room, Except For Me.
What Is Going On? I Keep Calling
Your Girlfriend L'amanda To Get Us Out Of Here,
And She's Not Answering.
Oh,Yes.
What?
What Are You Looking At?
That Grate.
It Gets Us Into The Vents And The Vents Go Everywhere.
This Could Be Our Way Out.
Hold On,Agent Bauer.
We Are Not Wriggling Through A Heating System.
Do You Want To Get That Will Or Not?
Now Come Over Here.
I'll Climb Up First, And Then I'll Pull You Up. Wow. Now Who's The Bossy One?
You Know You Love It. True.
Wow. I Can't Believe This Even Exists,
That Bradford Was Even Into This.
He Never Invited Me Down Here.
I Can Do That.
Ooh,I Like This.
Ooh,I Got It. I Got It. I Got It.
I Got It. I Got It. I Got It.
What Does It Say?
Well,Give Me A Minute.
I Haven't Read That Many Wills Before.
Oh! Okay,Uh,Uh,
"And Wilhelmina Slater Will Share My Estate"...
"Including, But Not Limited
To The Holdings Of Meade Publications"... I'm Getting A Good Feeling.
"Upon The Pronouncement Of Our Marriage. "
And There Goes That Feeling. It's Over. We're Sunk.
Upon Pronouncement Of Our Marriage.
Oh, I'm Gonna Have To Go Back
To Dancing In A Cage In My Underwear.
Hold On.
Perhaps There's Another Option.
Oh,Thank God, Because To Be Honest With You,
I Only Had This One Move. Ow.
There Still Might Be Another Way
To Legally Become Mrs. Bradford Meade.
'Cause I Think I Smell A Plan Brewing.
We're In A Vent.
Can You Believe This?
We Are Actually Crawling Through A Vent.
My Mother Never Even Let Me Put My Feet On The Sofa.
I Can't Believe You're Enjoying This.
I'm Hot,And I'm Sweaty, And I Give Up.
Betty,Come On. Tap In To Your Inner Action Hero.
Okay,Mexicans Don't Have Action Herry.
H Weave A Speedy Little Mouse.
Oh,Wait,Wait. We're Coming Up To It.
Oh,Thank God. If I Didn't Think We Were Running Out Of Oxygen,
I'd Kiss You. Now You Said That The Secret Room
Is Right Behind The Closet,Right? Uh-Huh.
We Went 30 Yards At A 40-Degree Angle
From The Elevator.
Well,If My Calcations Are Correc..
Found It.
Ooh,L'amanda. Yes?
I Couldn't Stay Away.
When There's Chemistry, There's Chemistry.
L'amanda-
You And I Are Like Water And Magnesium.
E - Explosive.
I Am Gonna Learn So Much From You.
No! No.
L'amanda,I Can't Do This. I'm A Dog.
I Will Break Your Heart. Let's Never Speak Of This Again.
No,But-
But I Like Dogs.
Daniel?
Yeah,It's Me,Dad.
I'm Glad You're Here.
Yeah,Me,Too.
Alexis Just Went Out To Get You Some Water.
Look,Uh,There's Something...
I - I've Been Wanting To Say To You.
And It's,Uh, Just,It's Hard For Me.
I Mean,We Talk...
But We Don't Really Talk.
I Don't Know Why.
You're Gonna Be Okay.
Listen...
I'm Just Gonna Tell The Doctor You're Awak
I Love You,Too,Son.
Mrs. Meade,It's Me.
I Found The Will.
And?
Daniel And Alexis Are Okay.
Oh,Thank You. Oh,I'll Never Forget This.
Can We Please Get Out Of Here?
Because I Am Really Starting To Lead L'amanda On.
I Just Need To Do One More Thing.
I Need To Leave A Strongly Worded Note
To That Jerk Marc. Okay.
"Dear Marc" - No. "Marc. "
Good.
Yeah.
Please Thank Betty Again For Me.
Now I Can Leave In Peace.
Yeah 'Cause Crossing The Atlantic
Was Gon' Be A Bitch If She Was In One Of Her Moods.
Hey,Can I Eat Dinner In Front Of The Tv?
They're Doing An Interview On Christina Aguilera
About The Meade Wedding. I Am Such An Ag-Hag.
You Look Familiar.
She's Just An Old Friend Of The Family.
Can't Quite Place The Face. A Little Chita Rivera,Right?
So Can I Eat And Watch?
Sure,Honey.
Thanks. Love You,Mom.
I Love You,Too.
You,Uh... Have A Very Sweet Boy.
Thank You.
I Can't Do It,
Not Without Seeing My Children.
I Have To Get To The Hospital. Would You Please Take Me?
Fish,No.
Now You Walk Up In There,You Caught.
I'll Be Okay. Now Wait Here.
We Are Going To Italy.
But If I'm Not Back By 8:00,
Promise You'll Go Without Me.
"So In Conclusion,
You Are A Weenie. "
You're Taking A Writing Class?
I Repeated My Thesis. He Is A Weenie.
And Now I'm Gonna Put It Where He Can't Miss It.
You Know,Wilhelmina Also Locked Us In There.
Yeah, But She Scares Me. Ah.
What Is This?
It Looks Like Marc's Been Ordained
To Perform Weddings.
For Who?
Oh,God.
?
We May Be Able To Perform Surgery In The Morning.
Thank You,Doctor. Oh,This Is Good.
I Told You Not To Count Out Bradford Meade. He's A Redwood.
I Guess You're Right. He's Stronger Than I Thought.
Remember When He Spent Eight Hours
Trying To Catch That Marlin Off Of Portugal?
God,That Was A Great Vacation.
Yeah, I Wish He'd Taken Us.
Excuse Me,Daniel,I-
Mr. Suarez, What Are You Doing Here? Come With Me,Please.
It's About Your Mother.
They're Gone. Perfect.
I Now Pronounce You Man And Wife!
Oh,Will You Stop That? You're Ordained,Not Magical.
Do You Have The Papers? It's All Right Here.
Okay,Well,We Need A Witness,So Find Someone.
Oh,Bradford.
Bradford,My Love, I'm Here.
My Darling.
You're Awake. I'm So Happy.
And I Have Some Wonderful News.
You And I Can Still Be Married.
I'm Leaving Tonight.
Mom,You Can't.
Please Stay. We Just Got You Back.
We Can Find Someplace For You To Hide.
I Can't Live Like That, Sweetheart.
They'll Give Up Looking For Me Eventually,
And We'll Meet Up Somewhere.
Now Just Remember,
You Two Need Each Other.
You're All You Have.
Mom,How Is It That You're Here?
How Did This Happen?
Betty And Her Family.
And,Daniel, You Need To Know
Why Betty Didn't Tell You About Wilhelmina's Affair.
"Do You,Bradford Meade, Take Wilhelmina Slater"-
Wait,Wait.
Bradford What Is It? You All Right?
Danielold Me That You Slept With Your Bodyguard.
That's Ridiculous.
You're Not Making Any Sense.
Now,Sweetheart, I Just Need You
To Say Two Words, "I Do",
And Then We'll Get You Some Pudding.
I Need You To Look Me In The Eye
And Tell Me You Didn't Do It.
I Never Slept With Him.
You Never Loved Me, Did You?
Now,Bradford-
Go On. Get Out Of Here. I Wa To See My Family.
Go On.
Excuse Me.
Mr. Meade, What Happened?
Tell Me You Didn't Marry Her.
Oh,No, I Came To My Senses.
I Was A Silly Old Fool.
Wilhelmina Never Loved Me.
Only Pson Who Ever Loved Me Is My Wife Claire.
Why Am I Telling You This?
Would You Like To Tell Her?
Mrs. Meade,It'setty.
Um,I'm Here With Your Husband.
He Wants To Talk To You.
You're In The Elevator?
Mom, You Can't Be Serious.
I Am Doing This.
I Would Rather Spend The Rest Of My Life In Jail
Than Give Up The Chance To See My Husband One Last Time.
We'll Walk You In.
No,I Want To Do This Alone,
And I Don't Want Him To See Me Like This.
Isn't That Claire Meade?
Claire, Come Get A Picture!
Claire.
You Can't Be Here.
I Don't Care.
I'm So Sorry.
I Didn't-I-
Shh. Don't Talk.
Let's Just Sit Here.
You Know, On Our Wedding Day,
When I Was Waiting To Walk Down The Aisle To You,
I Remember Thinking,
Someday That Son Of A Bitch Is Going To Break My Heart.
And I Did.
But I'd Take That Walk Again Tomorrow
If You Could Promise Me Another 35 Years.
I've Never Loved Anyone More Than You.
Thank You For Giving Me The Greatest Life.
I'll Give You Guys A Minute.
Look,I Know Why You Couldn't Tell Me
About Wilhelmina's Affair.
Daniel, All I Care About
Is That You Know I'm On Your Side...
Always.
I Know.
I - I Just...
Felt Betrayed.
Betty,I Would Love For You To Come Back To Work.
That Means So Much.
But I Don't Think I Can.
What?
Daniel,This - This Last Year At "Mode,"
I - I Wouldn't Trade That For Anything.
I Mean,You Took A Chance On Me,
And It Opened Up A Whole Different World.
It Totally Changed My Life,
But,I Think,Too Much.
I'm Changing Into Someone That I - I Really Don't Want To Be.
So You're Leaving?
I Think I Have To.
It's Your Life,Betty.
You Do What You Have To Do.
Oh! Please Let Me Go See Him One More-
She's Not Resisting. Don't Hurt Her. Come On.
I'm Not Fighting You. Daniel,Alexis!
Betty,Can You Please Stay With My Dad? Don't Hurt My Mother.
Claire?
No,Uh,She Left. It's Betty.
Betty,Come Here.
Do You Need A Nurse?
Are You All Right?
I Need You To Do Something For Me.
What?
Take Care Of Daniel.
I Won't Be Here,And-
No,Mr. Meade. You're Gonna Be Fine.
I Remember Seeing You
Walk Into The Building That First Day.
I Had A Feeling About You.
You're The Only One Who's Ever Been Able
To Keep Daniel On His Path.
He'd Be Lost Without You.
Now I Need Some Water.
Mr. Meade.
Mr. Meade?
Excuse Me,Miss. We Need To Get Through.
Watch Your Back. Excuse Us.
There's No Pul.
Bradford Meade,
Chairman Of E Meade Publishing Empire,
Passed Away At 10:14 P.M. This Evening,
Just A Few Minutes After His Fugitive Wife,
Claire Meade, Was Dramatically Captured
Outside His Room At St. Gavan's Hospital.
Mrs. Meade Has Been Missing
Since Fleeing A Prison Transport Van
Six Months Ago.
Is This Bradford Mea's Body?
You Look Like A Young Doctor
Fresh Out Of Medical School.
You Must Have Some Loans.
I Have A Proposition You Might Be Interested In.
PASSING FANCY
"A geisha says she loves her client"
and he lies saying he'll come again
I fell for your honesty at first sight I was so shy!
It's a shame to miss the main attraction
Story-telling for a kid is stupid
"Geisha Takao will come next month Takao, in March"
Look at the barber
Forget your business, old man
"That was the true love of Takao a geisha"
"Men yearn for love Love is an emotional boat"
It's a wise remark
I hate girl-trouble
I hate money-trouble, but welcome girl-trouble
Love is so elusive
Trust me and get married just once
You'll enjoy it
Have the bill charged to me
You must have been beautiful before
And now?
I can't be frank when I owe you money
Stop being curious, old man
Anywhere here I can stay?
Of course
I have a child, but no wife
Mind your son!
Homeless when you're so young?
I was at a spinning mill until yesterday
Fired?
No relatives?
That's an old trick, huh?
Young men have no pity
What are you going to do?
She can stay here Will that be any trouble?
If so, I'll handle it
Dad!
Your work!
Don't nag your father
Always be filial to your parents
Don't your teachers tell you that?
Did you know why a hand has five fingers?
With only four it wouldn't fit into a glove
Very funny
Thanks for last night
I spoke to her and decided she'll work here
I was drunk. Did I force her on you?
She's very nice
I'm a good judge of people
Sorry, but I choose only people I like
Everyone is so kind to me
You hear that?
How sweet!
What grade are you in?
My name's Tomio Kimur I'm in third grade
My son Tomio is very intelligent
With better manners he'd top his class
Yes!
He's too good for a dumb father like you
I'm not as dumb a father as they say
Doesn't Tomio need lunch?
The school feeds him He's a "stupid" without lunch
You'd be a "dunce" without lunch
How can I go to grade school with kids?
He'd be the school's prize dunce
I forgot to ask your name
It's Harue
What was that?
Harue
She reminds me...
I mean Harue
She looks exactly like her
Who?
The woman who jilted you?
No, not her
Who?
That little slut?
Act your age
Age doesn't matter
I'll get an advance from him
I want to buy a gift for her
Don't ask too often
If he refuses, so what?
How stupid he is!
Where did you find the girl?
She's like my daughter
You're one to protect your treasures
How could you keep her?
Anyone who harms her dies You understand?
For whom does she powder her face?
Ah, how very sweet!
It's a terrible waste!
Let's get going
No, not today
I have a stomachache
Drop the act!
No one appreciates your play
I forgot it
My safety charm
I don't dare go anywhere without it
May he get to the factory in a hurry
My stomach hurts so I prayed for recovery
I'd better be going now
You're dressed up, Kihachi
Where's the funeral?
You think I'm going to a funeral?
How ominous!
Not going to work?
I bought it for you
Keep it a secret
She gets jealous
Do you like me?
You're so very kind to me, uncle
Don't call me uncle
Do you prefer me to Jiro?
He sort of scares me
But he's nice when you know him
On second thoughts I'm even better
This one really costs a lot
But the world is highly complicated
May I have this?
Do you like soldiers?
High ranking ones?
Let's go to Jiro's place
It was messy, so...
How kind you are!
Don't act so friendly, huh?
No more photos of you in uniform?
She wants some
You're shrewd
You made the kid say sweet words
My friend is at your shop
Go back quickly
You won't return evil for good will you?
I'm not jealous but don't ridicule the man next door
He has a reputation, too
I'm not so mean a woman
He's so kind to me that I regard him as my uncle
Why not regard him as a husband?
You'll never be able to know ...the way I feel
I'm afraid I don't have time for guessing games
"But now, ever since the accident..."
Come to the restaurant
The madam hasn't seen you for a long time
I don't want to be with that Harue
I want to talk about her, do you mind?
Talk, I'm listening
I'll come to your place later. Wait for me
You look quite modern recently
It's the times
Do I look twice as handsome as I used to?
Go somewhere and play
I'm busy studying now
Don't interrupt me
Just go out and play, will you?
It's a kind of filialness
Waiting is torture
There was no need for a gift We can be informal
Actually, it's about Harue
She's so nice. I feel as if she's one of the family
For that reason I must think about her age
It's a pity to leave a girl her age alone...
With grown men like Jiro around
I'd be pleased if Jiro decided to marry her
Did he make love to her?
I don't know But be keeps away from her
She's too good for him
It's natural
I was wrong
She's too young for me
Did you fancy her as your wife?
Things like that can happen
It's so hot
I'm asking you, for old times sake to convince him
You have my trust. Please try
Whatever you may think I'm picky about my woman
Oh? Frankly, she's too good for you
Then you marry her
It's good luck to be loved by a young girl
I must have let down my guard with her
You sure are stubborn!
But then, so am I
I'll match you, that's for sure!
However, to Kihachi this is a great tragedy
Why brood?
Why not tell a story?
Young man
You call me young?
Do I really look so young?
Don't flatter me
I've got news!
This boy's dad is stupid
No, he's not."
He can't even read, can he?
He just looks at cartoons
He doesn't go to the factory Only to restaurants
Who did it?
I did. Me
I always tell the truth
George Washington cut down a cherry tree
You cheat by saying what I don't know
Even the truth can't make you a magician
You can't re-create the tree
What a dumb!
You don't work, you're always drunk
You trying to lecture your dad?
Drunk or sober, I'm still your dad
You're so dumb!
You can't even read, huh?
Newspapers you sell to junkmen
Son!
Forgive me, son
Something is wrong with me
I'm a dumb old dad, but don't hate me
"Then, the following morning..."
That matter... how is it?
Don't be so hasty. Just leave it to me
Behave yourself at school and be attentive
Be patient and study and you'll get an education
I'm patient and go to the factory So it pays me
50 sen
Buy whatever you want
How funny!
You can't live as a pauper's son
Examine it well. It's milled
You can polish your nails
Very funny
How extravagant today!
I haven't taken care of him properly
I want to act like a good father
50 sen is a lot to a boy his age
Like 10 yen to us
Not ten. You mean a thousand!
I want him to feel as if he's rich just once in his life
About Jiro...
It's time you accept, Jiro
It's time you quit nagging me
You're to go home. Your son is ill
My son can't possibly be ill
But he could get hurt
Why did you get sick so suddenly?
He ate his fill in one go
You spent it all?
It's difficult for a poor man's kid
You did it. You gave him too much
Nurse him carefully
A mere stomachache
Have a drink and go to sleep
This wine is very mellow
I was worried. I left work early
It's serious. So do something
Don't shock me
He's my son. He can't die so easily
Have a doctor examine him
Get ready, old man
Then, 48 hours later
We'll try our best
This charm is very effective
It's terrible
We may have to hold a funeral
I'm glad I have formal summer wear
Don't tempt Fate
Don't worry.
Your son won't die
You say that because he's not your son
I'm sorry, but I have to go now
I'll leave Harue
If she can help, just ask her
Your son's teacher is here
I can't talk to a teacher
Will you greet him for me?
You must be very worried
You have the ball game?
We beat Class Three's team
What's the problem?
50 sen's worth of candy all at once
Orange pop, jelly cookies, fried cake toffee and watermelon...
I guess it was all my fault, huh?
I gave him cold wine, too
Not only that, he ate bananas
What's his illness called?
An acute intestinal catarrh
Your pals want you to get well and return to school
Tomio's a bright boy He'll be a great man some day
Be a good boy and get well
Hear what he said?
He's very kind
So now you must get well
I have only you
So don't die before I do
Do you know why a hand has five fingers?
I'll never forget that one
Can't even make 5 yen
It's a shame to be uneducated
I made my son ill and can't pay the bill
The factory won't give me an advance I can't get money
I have a bad habit of spending every penny
Don't do that, old man
The doctor wants to talk to you
What's the big problem?
How can I pay the hospital?
How much money do you need?
Maybe forty or fifty yen
I'll raise the money
I'm sure I can
Now is the time I can repay your kindness
What a wonderful girl!
Such a young girl trying to save a man!
Hearing your works I could even lose Tomio
He would gladly die, too
I'll bring the money soon
Don't be so proud!
I may be poor but I won't depend on you
Hurry up and go to the hospital
I want to talk with her for a while
Stay put in your place
Do you think you can shame the two of us?
But this is my chance to pay back his kindness
That's an excuse. People would think we made you sacrifice
What happens to a young person who tries to raise lots of money?
Who cares what happens to me?
Who cares about me?
I'll raise the money
Haven't you any idea how I feel?
Don't say anything.
Just obey me
I know a place where I can get money
Why do you need so much money?
I can't tell you.
Just lend it to me
We're old friends.
I know you'll pay me back, but
When will you repay me?
"Hokkaido Needs Men!"
After I get to Hokkaido
I was only kidding
Thanks to warm-hearted people...
Know why sea water is salty?
To salt salmon with
Very funny
Give me another fifty sen and try
Don't pester people. You should've died
Wanted to eat funeral cake, did you?
You told me a lie
This water is salty but there's no salmon. Why?
Suddenly Jiro is going to repay me
All this brat does is cause trouble
It's not goodbye forever. Don't cry
When you finally understand me we must part
I don't think I'll ever be happy
Don't be pessimistic
Be patient for a while
I'm going willingly
I hate sad farewells
I'll come back, I promise
Are you going to Hokkaido?
I've no right to complain but you might have told me
Let me go to Hokkaido
You have Tomio, old man
Kids don't need parents
Tomio will flourish without care
You have a great future, Jiro
People will be relying on you
I leave at ten. Don't stop me
I didn't mean to
Don't hate me
I'm going there
Take care of Tomio
I can give up the money knowing it saved the boy's life
You needn't go so far away leaving your son behind
Your sincerity moves me. It's enough
Accept his kindness You can work and repay him
We must help one another
The barber talks like a saint
It's nice to live long I've never felt any better
Remember to obey your teachers at school
Don't eat too much candy
Will you be back?
What a silly question!
I'm taking a vacation
Know why a hand has five fingers?
If we had only four it wouldn't fit a glove
What's that land?
America?
We've just left the port
My son is a bright boy at school
With better manners, he'd be top
No!
No!
Won't this boat stop?
Is that land linked with Tokyo?
Of course it is
I'm sorry, but I'll go home
Why is sea water salty?
To salt salmon with
Very funny
Say, is this the moving-picture ship?
The Venture?
Yeah.
- Are you going on this crazy voyage? - What's crazy about it? I don't know.
But everybody is talking about that crazy fella running it.
- Carl Denham? - Guess that's the name.
He ain't scared of nothing.
If he wants a picture of lion he just goes up to him and tells him to look pleasant.
Why all this talk about this voyage being crazy?
Everybody around the docks is talking about the cargo, for one thing.
And I never did see a ship this size with such a crew.
- Not enough men to handle her? - Not enough!
Three times more than the ship needs.
I don't see where they're gonna have room enough to sleep.
Hey, down there.
What do you want?
- Denham aboard? - Who are you?
My name is Weston, the theatrical agent.
Well, why didn't you say so?
Come on aboard. Denham's getting wild.
I hope you've got some good news for him.
Well, Mr. Denham, you know the reasons for hurrying as well as I do.
Insurance company found out we're carrying explosives.
Marshal will be aboard tomorrow or next day.
If we make a legal case of it, we'll be tied up for months?
With enough ammunition to blow up the harbor. What do you think the marshal will say to these new gas bombs of yours?
According to you, one of them is enough to knock out an elephant.
We've got to get where we're going before the monsoon starts.
- Trust me to see you through a blow.
- Oh, now, don't get sore, skipper.
You can't run into the rainy season when you're trying to make an outdoor picture.
Months wasted, money gone and nothing to show.
Still you always bring back a picture. And everybody says, "There's only one Carl Denham."
Weston, I was just going ashore to call you.
If I'd known that, I would have waited.
This is the skipper. Weston, the theatrical agent.
I guess you met Driscoll, the first mate.
Well, Weston, how about the girl?
- It can't be done, Denham. - What?
It's got to be done. Now, look here, Weston.
Somebody's interfered with every girl I try to hire.
Now all the agents in town have shut down on me.
All but you.
- You know I'm square. - Everybody knows you're square.
But you've got a reputation for recklessness that can't be glossed over.
Then you're so secretive.
You said it.
Even skipper and mate don't know where they're going, what.
There you are. I've got a conscience, Denham.
I can't send a pretty girl such as you ask on a job like this without telling her what to expect.
- What is she to expect?
To go off on a trip for no one knows how long to some spot you don't even hint at the only woman on a ship with the toughest mugs I ever looked at.
I mean the crew.
Good Lord, you talk as if I never brought anybody back alive.
The skipper and Driscoll have stuck to me on two trips.
- They look well enough.
- Sure, we're healthy.
But it's a different thing taking a girl into danger.
I suppose there's no danger in New York.
Listen, there are dozens of girls in this town that are in more danger than they are with me.
Yeah, but they know that kind of danger.
You never had a woman in any of your pictures.
- Why do you want one? - Holy mackerel!
Do you think I wanna haul a woman around?
- Then why?
- Because the public, bless them must have a pretty face.
Sure, everybody likes romance.
Isn't there any romance or adventure without having a flapper in it?
Well, Mr. Denham, why not take a picture in a monastery? Makes me sore.
I go out, sweat blood to make a swell picture then the critics and the exhibitors all say:
"If this picture had love interest, it would gross twice as much."
The public wants a girl, and this time I'm gonna give what they want.
- Don't know where you'll get her.
- I've gotta get her, Weston. We've gotta leave by morning.
- We've gotta be gone by daylight.
Well, there's a good reason.
Everything I hear about it makes me like it less.
I'm glad I didn't get you a girl.
You are, eh? Well, I'll show you.
Do you think I'm gonna give up because you can't find me a girl?
I'm going to make the greatest picture in the world.
Something that nobody's ever seen or heard of.
They'll have to think up a lot of new adjectives when I come back.
- Where you going? - Going out and get a girl for my picture.
- Stand aside, please.
Get your case later.
Say, lay off the shoving, will you?
- Oh, I didn't mean to shove you.
- Excuse me. What do they give you in this joint? Soup tonight.
I catch you, you stealer.
Now, I get you cop. You like that, huh? No, no.
Let me go. I wanted to, but I didn't.
- Had enough of these stealers.
- Dry up. Kid didn't take any.
- Truly I didn't.
- Three people this week...
- Here... Here's a buck.
Hey, taxi!
Feeling better?
Yes, thank you.
- You're very kind.
- Don't you fool yourself.
- How'd you ever get into this fix?
- Bad luck, I guess.
There are a lot of girls like me.
- Not many with your looks.
- I can get by in good clothes all right.
- But when a girl gets too shabby...
Supposed to have an uncle someplace.
Did you ever do any acting?
I used to do extra work now and then over on Long Island.
The studio's closed now.
- What's your name?
- Ann Darrow.
I've got a job for you.
Costumes on the ship will fit you.
If the shops are still open, I can get clothes for you.
- Come on.
- But... - But what is it?
- It's money and adventure and fame.
It's the thrill of a lifetime.
A long sea voyage that starts at 6:00 tomorrow morning.
No, wait. I don't understand.
You must tell me.
I do want the job so but I can't.
- Oh, I see. No, you've got me wrong.
- I only wanted...
- Sure. Sure you did. I got a little excited and I forgot you didn't understand.
Listen, I'm Carl Denham.
Ever heard of me? Yes, yes.
You make moving pictures in jungles and places. That's right.
And I pick you as lead in my next picture.
We sail at 6.
- Where to?
- A long way off. And listen, Ann, I'm on the level.
No funny business. - What do I have to do?
- Just trust me and keep your chin up.
Hey, you men on that winch down below on the deck and help with these hatches.
Hurry this line forward.
Forward, you farmer and up here!
What are you doing up here?
- I just wanted to see.
- Oh, you just wanted to see. Well, I'm sorry.
Make that line fast!
You're that girl Denham picked, aren't you? Yes. I think this is awfully exciting.
I've never been on a ship before.
I've never been on one with a woman before. I guess you don't think much of women on ships?
No, they're a nuisance.
- I'll try not to be.
- You've been in the way already.
Bring that ladder aboard!
Well, you better stay below.
What? The whole voyage?
I'm afraid I didn't apologize for hitting you.
- Well, we're off.
Say, how many potatoes do you think you've peeled in six weeks?
Too many.
Sailors eat an awful lot, don't they? All time eat.
Someday me go back China.
- Charlie, isn't the ocean wonderful?
- Very pretty. Pretty soon you be all same sailor, only no eat so much.
I'd like to be.
Only, of course, it wasn't so nice up north when it was cold and rough was it?
Ocean very nice when you order weather or some eggs for breakfast.
- Hello, Ann.
- Hello, Jack.
Where you been all morning?
Trying on costumes for Mr. Denham.
He's gonna make some tests of me here on deck if the light is right.
- Tests, why? Oh, to see which side of my face looks best and all that.
Both sides look all right to me.
Yes, but you're not the movie director.
If I was, you wouldn't be here.
Well, is that a nice thing to say.
This is no place for a girl. You can't say I've been one bit of trouble to anyone have I?
It's very mean of you. Anybody would think I'd been a lot of trouble.
I haven't.
- Sure you have.
Sure you have. - I don't see...
Well, how? Just...
Just being around is trouble. Oh, dear, and I thought everything was going so nicely.
Oh, you're all right.
But women just can't help being a bother.
- Made that way I guess.
- Well, anyhow... I've had the happiest time of my life on this old ship.
That's...
Say...
Did you really mean that, Ann? Of course. Everyone's so nice to me.
Dr. Denham and the skipper... Don't you think the skipper is a sweet old lamb?
I'd hate to have him hear me say that.
Iggy's nice to me. Iggy likes me better than he likes anybody onboard.
Don't you, Iggy?
- That's right.
Of course you do.
- Beauty and the beast, eh? Well, now, I never thought I was good-looking.
Put on one of the costumes.
The light's right for those tests now. All right, Mr. Denham.
I won't be a minute. Beauty and the beast.
Mr. Denham I'm gonna do some butting in.
- What's your trouble?
- When do we find out where we're going?
- Pretty soon.
Will you tell us what happens after?
How can I?
I'm not a fortuneteller.
You must have some idea what you're after.
What's the matter?
You going soft. Oh, you know I'm not.
Not for myself.
- For Ann.
- Oh, you have gone soft on her, eh? I've got enough troubles without a love affair to complicate things.
- Better cut it out, Jack.
- Love affair.
- Think I'm gonna fall for any dame?
- I never knew it to fail.
Some big hard-boiled egg gets a look at a pretty face, bang he cracks up, gets sappy.
- Who's going sappy?
I haven't run out on you? No.
You're a pretty tough guy. But if beauty gets you, you...
I'm going right into a theme song here.
- Say, what are you talking about?
- It's the idea of my picture.
The beast was a tough guy too. He could lick the world, but when he saw beauty, she got him.
He went soft, he forgot his wisdom and the little fellas licked him.
Think it over, Jack. Mr. Denham, skipper wants you up on the bridge.
- He says we've reached the position.
- Good. Come on, Jack. You're in on this.
There's our noon position.
Two south, 90 east. Now, you promised some information when we got here.
- Way west of Sumatra.
- And way out of any waters I know.
I know the East Indies like I do my own hand but I've never been here.
- Where do we go from here?
- Southwest.
- Southwest? Well, there is nothing for thousands of miles.
Keep your shirt on, skipper.
We're not going thousands of miles. Here's the island we're looking for.
Well, that position.
Let's have the big chart. You won't find that island on any chart.
That was made by the skipper of a Norwegian bark.
- He must have been kidding.
- No, he wasn't. Listen, a canoe full of natives from this island was blown to sea.
When the bark picked them, there was one alive.
He died before they reached port, not before the skipper had a description of the island and got an idea of where it lies.
- Where did you get it?
- Singapore, two years ago.
Skipper knew I'd be interested.
- Does he believe it? - I don't know.
But I do. Here. Here's what the island looks like.
There's a long, sandy peninsula.
The only possible landing place is through this reef.
Rest of shoreline's sheer precipice, hundreds of feet high.
And across the base of the peninsula, cutting it off from the rest of the island, is a wall.
- A wall? - Built long ago.
People who lived there slipped back, forgotten the high civilization that built it.
That wall is as strong today as it was centuries ago.
The natives keep that wall in repair.
- They need it.
- Why? There's something on the other side of it.
Something they fear. A hostile tribe.
Did you ever hear of Kong?
Why, yes.
Some native superstition, isn't it?
A god or a spirit or something.
Well, anyway, neither beast nor man something monstrous, all-powerful.
Still living still holding that island in a grip of deadly fear.
Well, every legend has a basis of truth.
I tell you, there's something on that island that no white man has ever seen.
- And you expect to photograph it?
- If it's there, you bet I'll photograph it.
Suppose it doesn't like having its picture taken?
Well, now you know why I brought along those cases of gas bombs.
Oh, you've put on a beauty-and-beast costume, eh?
It's the prettiest.
All right. Just stand right over there.
I'm sort of nervous. Suppose I don't photograph well?
You don't have to worry about that.
If I hadn't been sure I wouldn't have brought you around the world.
- What will I do?
- Well, we start with the profile.
When I start cranking why, hold it a minute, and then turn slowly toward me.
You see me. You smile a little, then you listen.
Then you laugh.
All right. Camera.
- Looks kind of silly, don't it?
- Pretty dame, huh? You think maybe he like to take my picture?
Them cameras cost money. Shouldn't think he'd risk it.
Now, that's fine, Ann. Now we'll try one with a filter, eh?
Do you always take the pictures yourself?
Ever since a trip I made to Africa.
I'd have got a swell picture of a charging rhino but the cameraman got scared.
The darned fool. I was right there with a rifle.
Seems he didn't trust me to get the rhino before it got him.
I haven't fooled with a cameramen since.
I do it myself. - Think he's crazy, skipper?
- Just enthusiastic.
Ann, in this one you're looking down.
When I start to crank, you look up slowly.
You're quite calm. You don't expect to see a thing.
Then you just follow my directions.
Camera. Look up slowly, Ann.
That's it. You don't see anything.
Now look higher still higher.
Now you see it. You're amazed.
You can't believe it. Your eyes open wider.
It's horrible, Ann, but you can't look away.
There's no chance for you, Ann, no escape.
You're helpless, Ann, helpless.
There's just one chance, if you can scream but your throat's paralyzed.
Try to scream, Ann, try.
Perhaps if you didn't see it, you could scream.
Throw your arm across your eyes and scream. Scream for your life.
What's he think she's really gonna see?
This infernal fog. Sure of your position, skipper?
Last night before this fog shut down, I got a good sight.
We should be near the island.
If we don't see it when this fog lifts, we never will.
We've quartered these parts.
Can't see your hand in front of your face.
Hey, Charlie, I wish you'd make your soup as thick as this.
No bottom at 30.
The Norwegian skipper must've been guessing at the position.
How will we know it's the right island?
- The mountain that looks like a skull.
- Oh, yes, I'd forgotten. You told me.
- Skull Mountain.
- By the deep 20.
Shallowing fast. Mr. Briggs, dead slow.
Dead slow, sir.
- Confound this fog.
- By the deep 16.
- What'd she draw, skipper?
- Four.
Why don't he heave to until it clears?
'Tain't the old man. It's that crazy guy, Denham.
Listen, you hear anything?
No.
- Breakers ahead.
- Let go.
That's not breakers. That's drums.
Skipper, now the fog's lifted, do you see anybody?
- Not a living thing.
- Funny they haven't spotted us.
I'd think the whole population would be on the beach.
Listen.
Maybe they have spotted us and are signaling.
Well, skipper, do you believe me now?
There it is.
Skull Mountain, the wall.
Everything just like on my funny little map.
- Come on.
Let's get started.
- All right. Twelve men go with you. The rest stay aboard.
Have you got a good man with those gas bombs?
I think you better go along.
You may be able to talk to these birds.
All right.
Mr. Adams. Aye, sir.
- You'll take charge of the ship.
- Aye, aye, sir. - I'm going ashore with you, aren't I?
- You bet.
I don't think she should until we know what's there.
Wait a minute. Who's running this show?
I found out from experience to keep my cast and cameras with me.
You never can tell when you'll want them.
- But you're crazy to risk...
- Jack run along and get the rifles and ammunition.
And get me a couple of huskies to carry my stuff.
And, Jack, don't forget the costume box.
If we're lucky enough, we may get a swell shot right away.
Come on, Ann.
All right, boys, let's go.
- Take it easy with that camera.
- Okay. - Plenty of ammunition for those guns?
- Yes, sir.
Be careful with those bombs.
All right, Briggs, now we'll get a look at Denham's island.
Stand by to lower away.
You with the camera, stick close.
- Okay.
- Who's got the bombs?
- I have, sir.
- Watch your step.
There's enough trichloride to put hippos to sleep.
Aye, aye, sir.
- What queer-looking boats.
- Yeah, outrigger canoes.
Driscoll, I want two men left here to guard the boat.
- All attended to, sir.
- Good.
We all ready, then?
Come on.
Not a soul in sight.
The people must all be gathered up ahead.
That wall, skipper. What do you think of that?
Colossal.
It might almost be Egyptian.
But what's on the other side of that wall?
I wanna know.
Who do you suppose could have built it?
Oh, I was up on Angkor once.
That's bigger than this, and nobody knows who built it.
Oh, boy, what a chance. What a picture.
Come on.
Hear that?
They're saying, "Kong, Kong."
Hope you talk their lingo, skipper.
- You catch any words yet?
- I'm not sure.
Sounds something like the language Nias Islanders speak.
What do you suppose is happening?
They're up to some of their heathen tricks.
But don't go rushing out to sea.
- All right. But isn't it exciting?
- Sure.
- I wish we'd left you on the ship.
- Oh, I'm so glad you didn't.
Wait. Easy, now. Wait till I see what goes on.
Holy mackerel! What a show.
Hey, skipper, come here and get a load of this.
Did you ever see anything like that before in your life?
Boy, if I could only get a picture before they see us.
Hey, you with the camera. Come here.
I wanna see.
Come on, but be careful.
- Too late. They see us.
- Let's...
Let's beat it.
- Hey, what are you running for?
- No use trying to hide now.
Everybody come out in plain sight.
- Say, let's scram out of here.
- Stand still, you fool.
Steady, boys, bluff them.
Come on, skipper. Make him a friendly speech.
He understands you, skipper. What's he say?
- He's telling us to get out.
- Well, talk him out of it.
Ask him what goes on.
He says the girl there is the bride of Kong. Great.
Find out what they're gonna do.
- What's that?
- He must be the witch doctor.
He says the ceremony is spoiled because we've seen it.
Well, calm the old boy down. What's the word for friend?
Steady with those rifles, boys.
- What's that?
- He says, look at the golden woman. Yeah.
Blonds are scarce around here.
- A gift for Kong, he says. - Good Lord!
Wants to buy her.
He's offering to trade six of his women for Ann.
You got her into this, Denham.
I'm gonna take her back to the ship.
We'd better get out of here before they think to cut us off. Guess so.
But tell him we'll be back tomorrow to make friends.
Get going, Ann. Don't be scared. Everything's all right.
Smile, Ann, and talk to Jack.
Keep your chin up.
- Say, why aren't you in bed? - Oh, I can't sleep.
The sound of those drums makes me nervous, I guess.
I think Denham's off his nut taking you ashore today.
Well, I was a little scared.
- I guess you weren't the only one.
- I wonder what we do next.
That's just what's worrying me.
Denham's a fool, there's no telling what he might ask you to do for this picture.
After all he's done, I would take any chance for him.
Don't talk like that.
I'd say he's crazy enough to try anything.
Well, I won't go back on him.
When I think of what might've happened today, if anything had happened to you...
Then you wouldn't be bothered having a woman onboard.
Don't laugh. I'm scared for you.
I'm sort of...
Well, I'm scared of you too.
Ann...
I...
Say...
I guess I love you.
Why, Jack, you hate women.
Yeah, I know. But you aren't women.
Say, Ann...
I don't suppose...
I mean...
Well, you don't feel anything like that about me do you?
Mr. Driscoll, are you on deck?
Yes, sir.
Will you please come up on the bridge?
You go on. I'll wait here.
Yes, sir.
There, that's about it.
We'll make absolutely sure tomorrow noon.
Oh, must be almost midnight.
Hey.
Look at that.
Torches going through the village.
Yeah, looks like the night before election. Listen to them.
Wonder what's up. Wish I could take pictures by firelight.
- I'd sneak ashore and get a scene now.
We're lucky to be all safe aboard tonight.
Yeah, I guess so.
- Charlie, have you seen missy? - Me no see one, two hours.
When we leave this place?
Me no like.
Ann.
Ann.
Everybody on deck!
Everybody on deck!
All hands on deck!
Everybody on deck!
Everybody on deck!
- What's the matter?
What's happening? - What's going on?
- What's the matter? - I'm out here.
Me find on deck. - A native bracelet.
- Crazy black man been here.
What is it?
Who turned out the crew?
- Look. Someone's been aboard.
- Where's Ann?
- In her cabin.
- No, she isn't.
I just looked. - What's the matter, Mr. Driscoll?
- Search the ship.
Find Miss Darrow.
Aye, aye. - Ann.
Oh, Ann. Did you see her? - No.
I'll look below.
- Can't find her forward.
- She's not below.
- Can't find her aft.
Ann's gone!
Serve out the rifles.
Man the boats.
Take this ammunition outside. Come on, you fellas.
Grab these guns.
Take these bomb cases and be careful with them.
Pass those rifles up over the side.
Start packing those bombs. Me likey go too.
Me likey catch missy. This is no job for a cook.
Get out of here. Come on. Shove her off, men.
We're going over the side. Give way, gentlemen.
Right over there. They've taken Ann.
Hurry. Hurry up. She must be up ahead here.
- Come on, men. - Come on, boys.
Has anybody seen her?
Get this gate open. Quick!
Get up there, men. Pull that thing back!
Pull that bar back. He's got Ann.
Heave. Heave.
Heave. Heave.
- Who's going with me? - I'll go.
You stay with half the men and guard the gate.
- Don't let them close it.
- We'll take care of it.
No telling which way he went in this darkness.
He's been through here.
- Look at these broken branches.
- Yeah, look at that. Keep up, fellas.
It ought to be sunup about now.
Yeah, just listen to those birds.
It's dawn all right.
- What's that?
- Holy mackerel!
Yeah, that's his track. Look at the size of that thing.
He must be as big as a house.
He's headed this way.
Come on, fellas, and keep those guns cocked.
Hate to have that thing wrapped around me.
Here's another one. We're on his trail.
Sure, sure. I know that. Come on.
Hey, look at that!
Keep quiet. He doesn't see us.
Give me one of those bombs.
Look, it's gonna charge.
Keep quiet.
Come on.
Give him another one.
Look out!
Look out.
He's still alive.
Shoot.
Come on. That got him.
What do you call this thing?
Why, something from the dinosaur family.
Dinosaur, eh?
Yes, Jack a prehistoric beast.
Say, just look at the length of that brute.
If I could only bring back one of these alive.
- Watch that tail!
He's still alive. - Come on, looks like he's standing up.
He's through.
Come on. Come on, men.
Boy, one swipe of that.
- Hear that?
- Yeah.
What is it? That's him, boys.
Here. Here's his mark again.
- There's water ahead.
- He's down in that fog somewhere.
Yes, that's him splashing through.
Come on. Be careful.
Now, watch the step-off, boys.
Must have swum across.
Yeah, it'll be tough for us with these guns and bombs.
- What about these logs for a raft?
- Good idea. Come, fellas.
Get busy. Put those guns down on the bank and get going.
Move!
Come on with those poles.
All set, everybody?
Shove off!
- Hear anything?
- No, he's miles away by now.
We'll be able to pick up his trail all right.
Listen.
Quiet.
What was it?
Hang on, men.
Look out. Here he comes.
Come on.
Come on.
Hey, Jack. Jack Driscoll.
- Hey, Jack.
- Denham.
- It didn't get you, huh?
- No, I got to cover, same as you.
- Think we're safe?
- There are two of us left alive to save her.
- I can't get across now.
Don't want you to.
Lam back and get more bombs.
Why, you wouldn't follow that beast alone.
Someone's gotta stay on his trail.
I'll get a chance, sneak her away.
I'll figure a way to signal you where he's taken her.
- I guess that's our only out. - Sure it is.
Get going.
Don't get killed till you see Englehorn. Okay, Jack.
Good luck.
Skipper, this Kong is the biggest thing in the world.
He shook those men off that log like they were flies.
All those men lost. It's incredible.
Driscoll said he'd try and signal us if he found Ann.
- We'll never see them again.
- Don't give up.
- There's chance for Driscoll. - Wait for daylight.
We'll bridge the ravine.
Where's that case of bombs? - Here, sir.
- This...
This monster you've seen, you think your bombs will stop him?
If we can get close enough to use them, you bet they'll stop him.
- Had any trouble with the natives? - Yes, after you left.
- What happened?
- We fired volleys over their heads, they ran like rabbits.
Gunpowder's new in their lives?
- They're terrified. - They haven't shown up.
Take a man on the wall, keep your eyes peeled.
We leave at dawn, if we get a signal or not. Yes, sir.
Hey, look.
Captain Englehorn. Mr. Driscoll and the lady, they're coming back.
Come on, fellas.
Pint, Jack. Here.
I'm all right. What happened? How did you do it?
- Came down the river.
- Oh, Jack.
There, there, you're safe now.
We'll have you back on the ship in no time.
What about Kong? Well, what about him?
We came to get a movie, and we found something worth more than all the movies in the world.
- What? We've got those gas bombs.
- Lf we can capture him alive...
- Why, you're crazy.
He's on a cliff where a whole army couldn't get at him.
- Yeah, if he stays there but we've got something he wants.
Yeah, something he won't get again.
Hey, look out. It's Kong.
Kong's coming.
I got him. He'll be out for hours.
- For anchor chains and tools. - What will you do?
A raft to float him to the ship.
The whole world will pay to see this.
- No chains will hold that. - We'll give him more than chains.
He's always been king of his world, but we'll teach him fear.
We're millionaires, boys. I'll share it with all of you.
In a few months, it'll be up in lights on Broadway:
"Kong, the Eighth Wonder of the World."
It better be good after all this ballyhoo.
Heavens, what a mob.
Well, you would come.
These tickets cost me 20 bucks.
It hurts my eyes. This is not a moving picture, madam. What?
Mr. Denham makes those pictures of those darling monkeys and tigers and things.
This is in the nature of a personal appearance.
Well, I never. I thought I was gonna see something.
- Say, what is it anyhow?
- I hear it's a kind of a gorilla.
Gee, ain't we got enough of them in New York?
It makes me think of that awful day on the island.
I wouldn't have brought you, but you know how Denham insisted.
We had to come when he said it would help the show.
Do you think we'll make a lot of money?
Well, enough to pay him back for these clothes anyway.
It's the first time I ever had on one of these open-front suits.
Hello, there. Just in time. Gee, Ann, you look great.
I'm glad I dressed you up for this show.
Well, Jack, $ 10,000 in the box office. - Not bad for one night.
- That's a lot of money.
We're gonna do that every night.
- Look at the size of that.
- I hope he's tied up tight. Sure he is.
Denham's taking no chances.
Here are the press. Come in, boys.
- This is Ms. Darrow and Mr. Driscoll. - How do you do?
Mr. Driscoll saved you from the ape?
Yes.
He was alone too. All the sailors with him had been killed.
- How did you ever tackle that baby?
- Well, Mr. Denham got him.
The rest of us were running scared.
He had the nerve to stand there and chuck bombs.
Oh, so you're the hero. Come on, give us a story.
Here now, wait a minute. Lay off me, boys.
Miss Darrow is the story.
If it hadn't been for her we couldn't have gotten near Kong. He followed her.
- Beauty and the beast, huh? - That's it.
Play up that angle, beauty and the beast.
Kong could have stayed safe but he couldn't stay away from beauty.
- That's your story, boys. - That's a lead story, all right.
- How about some pictures?
- Just a minute. Come on the stage.
Take pictures in front of the audience.
I'll make a speech and tell them about Kong, Darrow
Driscoll. When I call you, come take pictures.
- Okay. - That's fine.
Stand by, Ann, when I call you.
Now, now, it's all right.
We've knocked some of the fight out of him since you saw him.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am here tonight to tell you a very strange story. A story so strange that no one will believe it.
But, ladies and gentlemen, seeing is believing and we, my partners and I have brought back the living proof of our adventure.
... an adventure in which 12 of our party met horrible deaths.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, before I tell you any more
I am going to show you the greatest thing your eyes ever beheld.
He was a king and a god in the world he knew but now he comes to civilization merely a captive a show to gratify your curiosity.
Ladies and gentlemen, look at Kong.
The Eighth Wonder of the World.
And now I want to introduce Miss Ann Darrow the bravest girl I have ever known.
She has lived through an experience no other woman ever dreamed of.
And she was saved from the very grasp of Kong by her future husband.
I want you to meet a very brave gentleman, Mr. John Driscoll.
I will ask the gentlemen of the press to come forward so that the audience may see them take the first photographs of Kong and his captors.
Stand in front of Kong, Ann.
- Okay.
Shoot.
Those chains are made of chrome steel.
- Get them together, boys.
- They're going to be married tomorrow.
- Put your arm around her, Driscoll.
- He thinks you're attacking the girl.
- All the roaring, swell picture.
Kong has escaped.
It's like a horrible dream.
It's like being back on the island again.
Don't worry.
I'm gonna stay right here with you.
Anyhow, you know they're bound to get him.
- He's got Ann. He's taken her up.
How can we follow him?
What'll we do?
Fire department searchlights on the roof.
Kong is going west.
Stand by for further reports.
- We won't get near him.
Kong is climbing the Empire State Building.
That is all. That licks us.
- One thing we haven't thought of.
If he should put Ann down and they fly close to pick him without her...
You're right.
Call the field.
- They'll get him.
- They'll be shooting.
Ann, hang on, dear.
My name is Denham. Just a moment.
Oh, lieutenant.
- Lieutenant, I'm Carl Denham.
Denham?
Oh, that's the man that captured the monster.
Well, Denham, the airplanes got him.
Oh, no, it wasn't the airplanes.
It was beauty killed the beast.
Come children. On your way to school.
- Good morning mother Goose. - Good morning.
Here you are, balloons. All colors of the rainbow.
Boys! Boys!
Oh these kids will be the death of me.
Bo Peep.
I'm coming mother.
Oh you children will be the death of me.
Ah, mother, do you really mean that?
Of course I don't.
Now you run right along and tend to your sheep.
And don't go losing them again.
I won't.
Come on fleecy, come on curly, come on wooly.
- How do you do my dear Mrs. Peep.
- How do you do, Mr. Barnaby?
And how is your charming daughter, Ms. Bo Peep?
Very well thank you. Then, may I be permitted to pay my respects?
Sorry, but she's out tending her sheep.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good morning my pretty little butterfly.
Good morning Mr. Barnaby!
I bring you a little bouquet, A fragrant token of my deep devotion.
Thank you very much Mr. Barnaby.
- And now I have to leave you sir.
My my sheep...
- Nay! I have long admired you.
Deep with wonder on your sweet and maidenly virtue.
Marveled at your tender loveliness.
In short... I'm asking you to become my wife.
I...
I'm sorry Mr. Barnaby and I hope you won't think me ungrateful but...
I'm a very rich man my dear.
Please! Think carefully, child.
Lest I revert to other means.
That would be an ugly way to win a pretty wife.
I wouldn't marry you if you were young, which you can't be, if you were honest, which you never were and if you were about to die tomorrow which is too much to hope for.
We shall meet again my pretty little buttercup.
And then you will sing a different tune.
Fleecy, Curly!
I came back to remind you that your little financial obligation...
- You mean the mortgage?
- ...is due today.
Couldn't you give me just a little more time?
I'm sorry. The law must take it's course.
I shall be back shortly.
Come boys.
You'll be late for work.
We're coming.
- Good morning, mother Peep.
Will you come on. It's almost 8 O'clock.
Why, I thought I left you upstairs in the bedroom.
- Well how'd you get down here?
I fell out the window.
Good morning mother Peep.
God morgen Stannie. Good morning Ollie.
God morgen Stan never mind good morning.
Come on and let's go! Wait a minute.
I forgot something.
Will you come on.
Do you want us to be late for work? Don't forget your lunch, Ollie.
What's the matter, mother Peep?
I've got bad news for you.
Bad news?
I'm afraid you two boys will have to find some other place to live.
Well what do you mean?
That old stingely Barnaby holds the mortgage against this shoe.
It's due today and I haven't got the money to pay him.
And we'll all be cast out into the street.
Stannie.
Go upstairs and get my money box.
Eh? Go get my money box.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to give you all of my savings.
And I'll get the rest of it from our master the toy maker.
No ones going to throw you out of this shoe.
Oh I can't let you do such a thing.
Tut, tut, tut, tarut! One good turn deserves another.
Now smile!
That's it... that's it.
I owe you 1.48.
I borrowed it.
I know you borrowed it. But what did you borrow it for?
Well you see I had to buy some more Pee wee's.
I lost three of them playing with little Jack Horner.
Had to buy some more Pee Wee's.
Well don't you mind, Mother Peep I'll get the full amount from the toy maker.
Oh you boys musn't go into debt on my account.
Listen, when the toy maker finds out that Barnaby's up to his old tricks again he'll give me the full amount without any problem.
- Oh, can I depend on that?
- Why of course you can.
You know the toy maker and I are just like that.
Aren't we, Stannie?
- Are you?
- Why certainly. - Which is you?
- Why this one right... never mind!
- Good bye.
Don't forget your lunch.
And don't you worry.
No I won't.
Good bye boys.
Just a moment.
What is this Pee Wee business you've been spending all my money on?
Would you like to see it? Certainly I'd like to see it.
After all the money it's cost me I think I'm entitled to know what it's all about.
Alright,...
What do you think of that?
Piffle!
That's the silliest thing I have ever seen.
Try it. - I don't want to try it!
- Why, can't you do it?
Well certainly I can.
What do you mean, can't I do it
Give me that! Get over there.
It's a certainty that anything you can do, I can do!
What for instance?
Just a moment!
Thank you!
Come on, we'll be late for work.
Say listen, when you get that money from...
- ...the toy maker will you borrow a little extra for me?
- What for? Well I lost me Pee Wee and I'll have to get some more.
Get in here now, will you.
Pee Wee!
- Good morning, master.
- What do you mean, good morning?
You know you're half an hour late!
If this happens again, it will mean instant dismissal.
Get to work!
Say, aren't you gonna ask him about the money to pay off the mortgage? I can't ask him now.
Don't you see what a bad humor he's in.
Well if we don't get that money, Mother Peep's gonna be turned out of the shoe, and she won't have any place to sleep.
We can't let her do that.
Why if I ask him now, he'll jump right down my throat.
But I thought you and he were just like that.
We are!
Well why don't you ask him?
Why don't you ask him?
Well I can't ask him.
Why?
- Well he and I are just like that.
- Oh, don't be silly.
- He likes you better than he does me.
- Does he? Yep. He told me he did!
- Did he?
- Yeah!
Oh master.
What?
Ollie wants to speak to you.
Well, what is it?
Well could I speak to you privately please sir?
I've got a very important question I want to ask you.
Don't bother me now!
Can't you see that I'm busy? ! Go on with your work!
Well if you knew how important it was, you'd see me privately because if...
Will you shut up and go on with your work!
Fleecy... fleecy!
Wooly...
Snowball?
No, I haven't seen them!
Oh, Tom Tom.
I don't know what mother would do if they were really lost.
Oh, don't worry.
They'll be found.
You've lost them before, haven't you?
As a matter of fact, last month you lost them five times!
Oh I couldn't have.
Yes you did.
And four times the month before that!
You see, you're getting worse.
What you need is someone to help you look after the darn things.
Who, for instance?
Oh, he'd have to be most unusual.
Energetic... resourceful... and with any amount of patience.
A fellow sort of... well...
like me!
Not interested?
Then I'll just keep you there until you are interested!
- Nice? ...
Interested?
Oh look, Tom Tom, they found them!
My dear friends... and citizens of Toyland.
I want you all to meet
Hello mister toy maker.
Well, how's my order coming along?
Everything is in fine shape.
- Yes, just a moment. Alright.
Hello everybody.
How's everything? - And how are my two boys?
- Hello Mr. Santee.
Can't wait until you see the wooden soldiers we made for you.
The finest piece of work we've ever turned out.
- Splendid!
- Yes. Ollie!
Go and bring one of them in. Yes sir. You'd better help me.
They're heavy. We'll have them right out, Mr. Santee.
You'll get the surprise of your life!
Don't try to lift it. All you have to do is press the button in the back
And it walks out by itself.
Isn't it wonderful?
It does everything but talk.
Wonderful yes.
But not what I ordered.
What do you mean? I ordered 600 soldiers at one foot high.
What?
You took that order.
What was it?
I thought you said 100 soldiers at six foot high.
You got the order all wrong.
I couldn't give those things to my children to play with.
Put it back in the box and get out of here.
- Here's another mess you've gotten us into.
- Well I couldn't help it. If you had been watching what you were doing, you wouldn't have gotten us into
Come out of there.
Put that thing back in the box!
Stop it! Stop it!
Come out of there!
Why didn't you stop it, you blithering idiots?
- Now get out and stay out!
Aren't you gonna ask him about the money for the mortgage?
What's that? ! Just skip it.
Oh mommy.
I'm so happy!
Tom Tom has asked me to become his bride.
My child.
And with your permission, we'd like to be married.
Why of course darling.
My blessings are with you. And may nothing ever happen to mar your happiness.
Ah, thank you mother.
Mr. Barnaby!
When you enter my house, I'll trouble you to knock.
Your house, my good lady?
Did you say your house?
Yes, my house! Not until this little debt is fulfilled.
Why mother, what does it mean?
It means my dear that unless this mortgage is paid
You will all be thrown out into the street.
Of course
We could compromise.
- Compromise?
- Yes.
Should your daughter reconsider my generous offer... to become my wife, we could forget this little matter.
And it could be her wedding present.
Mother? ! Don't worry darling nothing like that will ever happen.
Then, let us get down to business.
Mr. Barnaby!
You can make out your receipt.
You'll be paid in full, right now!
Well, here you are boys.
Just in time.
This wretched man seems to think that we haven't got... the money to pay off the mortgage.
But we have, haven't we!
Haven't we boys!
Why what's the matter?
Didn't you get the money?
No, you see Ollie made a mistake.
A mistake?
He and the toy maker are not like that.
Then I take it madam,
You cannot meet your lawful obligation?
In which case, I shall bid you good day.
Foreclosure papers will be served in due course.
Oh, your not really going to throw us into the street?
Much as it pains me, I'm sorry.
Big bait catches big rats!
Oh mother, what shall I do?
what shall I do? If only he didn't have that mortgage.
Don't you worry, Mother Peep
Stannie and me will find a way to get the mortgage from that old buzzard!
He sure is an old buzzard.
You know, if he thinks he's gonna throw this shoe into the street, he's mistaken.
He certainly is.
- You know what I'd like to do.
- What? I'd like to put on this shoe and kick him right in the pants.
Then I'd kick...
- What happened?
Open that window.
- Ollie?
- What?
We're outside. Good!
Now what do we do?
Take me over to Barnaby's house and be sure no one sees you.
Ok.
And be careful!
- We're here.
- So far, so good.
It wasn't so far.
- We just came across the street.
It wasn't so far!
Who is it?
It's me.
What do you want at this hour of the night?
Well you see, Ollie and I are sorry for what happened this afternoon
And just to show you we're not mad at you, we brought you a Christmas present.
It's from me, and from Ollie.
Christmas present, in the middle of July?
Oh yes, you see we always do our Christmas shopping early.
If you'll open the door I'll bring it right in for you.
I'll be right down.
- He's coming down.
He's going to let us in.
- That's fine.
Now don't forget when he goes to bed you give me the signal.
And I'll get out of the box, open the door and let you in.
Then we'll get the mortgage.
So far, so good.
What is it?
- I couldn't tell you.
- Couldn't tell me? No.
You see it's a surprise. And it musn't be opened til Christmas.
See.
Do not open, until Christmas.
Well, that's very nice of you.
- Well, good night Mr. Barnaby.
- Good night Mr. Dum.
You can go to bed now.
Thank you
Mr.
Dum.
Merry Christmas.
A merry Christmas to you.
Good night.
Good night!
Good night Ollie!
Good night Stannie!
Where as Ollie Dee and Stannie Dum have been found guilty of burglary they will be dunked and thereafter exiled to bogey land forever!
Good night Ollie!
Your majesty, what are we waiting for?
Oh yeah... proceed with the dunking!
Come on!
Your first. Come on!
- Ollie! - What? - Here.
You better give me your watch. I'll hold it for you until you come out.
Thanks. Now take good care of it because I wouldn't have anything happen to that.
- I will.
- Good bye. Good bye.
- Come on!
Splendid!
- Is it cold?
- Yes!
I'm smothering!
- Keep your nose closed! - I will!
Hurry. He'll die of ammonia!
This is terrible. Hold your nose, Ollie! Bring him up, bring him up.
How do you feel?
You know how I feel!
Here, have a drink of water. That'll do you good. Thank you.
- Haven't I had enough water? !
- I was only trying to help.
Mr. Barnaby. Can't something be done to stop this? Why yes.
Consent to become my wife.
And they will go free.
All right, Mr. Barnaby.
I consent.
With your majesty's permission, I wish to withdraw my charges.
Withdrawn they shall be.
Residents of Toyland,
I want you all to meet...
The future Mrs. Silas Barnaby.
You may go.
Thank you sir.
- Does that mean we're free?
- Yes. And from now on, you and I are going to be very close friends.
- Does that mean that he won't be dunked! ?
- Isn't that nice?
- What? He and I are just like that.
- And I don't have to get wet.
- Ollie!
- What?
Here's your watch.
Run over and tell the bride that all is in readyness and her lover is waiting.
Mumsy, what did Tom Tom say?
He understands.
Now you see. If you hadn't said good night Ollie, this wouldn't have happened.
Where are you going Mother Peep?
I'm going over to Barnaby to make a final plea.
Surely there must be one spark of kindness in that phony heart of his.
That's a good ideia. But I don't think it will do any good.
You're right Ollie. You can't turn blood into a stone.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Well her talking to Barnaby, is just a matter of pouring one ear into another and coming out the other side.
It can't be done.
I'm sorry Bo Peep that you had to choose me for the best man.
Why I'd rather do anything in this world than to have to give you away.
Why Stannie is so upset, he's not even going to the wedding.
- You are upset, aren't you!
- Upset? ! I'm house broken.
Not house broken.
He means heart broken.
House broken huh!
Come in.
Mr. Barnaby. Don't force my daughter into this dreadful marriage.
I'm an old woman. Pleading for her daughter's happiness.
Oh don't do this dreadful thing.
Mr. Barnaby. I'll do anything you ask!
Work for you. Slave for you.
Only don't, please don't.
Woman, you're a fool!
The bargains made, and you'll abide by it.
Master, the bride is here!
Welcome to Barnaby Hall.
Shut that door!
- Come, come judge. Let's waste no time. - Have you the ring?
Your name is Silas Barnaby?
It is.
- And your name is Little Bo Peep?
- It is.
Do you take this woman for you lawfully wedded wife?
I do.
And do you take this man for your lawfully wedded husband?
I do.
I now pronounce you man and wife.
And now, to kiss the bride.
Just a moment.
Haven't you forgotten something, Mr. Barnaby?
Oh yes. The mortgage.
My wedding present.
Now, you may kiss the bride.
What is the meaning of this? !
Big bait, catches big rats!
The king shall hear of this!
Tom Tom.
Oh my boys!
- That sure was a good ideia of yours.
Well... good bye!
And good luck.
What do you mean, good bye?
- Aren't I going with you?
- Why no.
You have to stay here with Barnaby.
Your married to him.
I don't want to stay here with him.
Why?
I don't love him!
Well don't worry. Old Barnaby will never bother us again.
- Because I'm going to take you away.
- Where?
Tricked! Cheated! Laughed at in the streets!
Fools!
So they think they can outwit old Barnaby, eh.
I'll show them.
There must be a way.
There must be some way!
Dolt! Imbecile! Pig!
Pig!
Get me a nice red juicy apple. I'll steal one of the three little pigs.
And the evidence will be placed in Tom Tom's house.
You know the penalty for pig-napping?
Banishment to Bogeyland!
Sit still!
Take this evidence and place it in Tom Tom's house.
Master.
Why the sausage? That will prove that he not only stole the pig, but that he also ground him into sausage.
And now little Elmer
We shall see.
Whereas Tom-Tom Piper has been found guilty of pignapping
He will be immediately banished to Bogeyland.
Poor Tom Tom.
I'm sure glad we didn't have to go to Bogeyland.
So am I.
What happens to you in Bogeyland?
Oh it's a terrible place.
Once you go there, you never come back.
Why?
Well, when the Bogeyman gets you, they eat you alive!
What do they look like?
Well I've heard that they're half man, and half animal.
With great big ears, and great big mouths.
And hair all over their body.
And long claws, that they catch you with.
Scat! Go on!
Tom my boy, you knew the penalty for pinapping. Why did you do it?
But I didn't do it!
I don't even know what you're talking about.
How can you say that, in view of this evidence, found in your house.
Take it away.
Your majesty. You made a horrible mistake.
Tom Tom knows nothing about this.
He's been with me all day. Hasn't he mommy!
That's right your majesty.
Why not let the law take it's course, your majesty?
Watch that until I come back!
What does that mean?
Exhibit B.
That means that the pig sausage, is part of the evidence.
Doesn't taste like pig sausage to me!
What does it taste like?
Tastes like pork.
Try it.
Why that's neither pig nor pork!
- It's beef!
I smell a rat!
Barnaby's got a hand in that.
I believe that little Elmer is still alive!
Come on, we'll find out!
You've got to listen to me your majesty, you've got to hear me.
Tom Tom knows nothing about this.
The little pigs are friends of ours.
Why should he want to hurt them?
The violin and hat were in the house when we got home.
He's innocent, I tell you, innocent!
It is with deep regret that I have to enforce the law of our kingdom.
I tell you I'm innocent! I tell you I'm innocent!
I didn't steal the pig!
Tom Tom, Tom Tom
You see child, it was folly, wasting your affections on a common pignapper.
Let me go! Tom Tom is innocent and you know it!
I hate you!
Just a minute! Just a minute!
Silence!
Mr. Majesty. Tom Tom is innocent!
We found little Elmer in Barnaby's cellar!
Let's get him!
I'll give 50,000 Guineaus for the capture of Barnaby dead or alive!
- Dead or alive?
! - Dead or alive!
Can't you make up your mind which way you want him?
Take me to my tower.
Let's go around the back way. We'll get him!
Alright Mr. Barnaby.
There's no use hiding! We know where you are!
You better come out, because if you don't we're gonna stay right here until you do.
Even if it takes all night!
Are we gonna stay here all night?
No! We're gonna make him think we are.
Tom Tom!
- Tom Tom! - Bo Peep!
Stan and Ollie found little Elmer, alive!
Where?
In Barnaby's cellar.
I knew he had something to do with this!
Oh if I ever get my hands on him.
Come on. We'll find our way out of here.
Oh Tom Tom, we'll never find our way out of here! Oh yes we will.
- Did he come up? - No!
Are you coming up?
You better come up, dead or alive!
How can he come up dead when he's alive?
Let's drop a rock on him, then we'll make him dead when he's alive.
Now your talking sense.
- Look out! - Don't tell him to look out!
- It might have hit him. - That's what I wanted to do!
Did it hit you?
- Not a sound. - It must have got him.
Go down and bring him up.
You go down and bring him up.
Do you mean to tell me that you're going to let 50,000 Guineas slip right thru your fingers?
Well I'm scared!
There's nothing to be afraid of.
You and he are just like that!
Well that was before we were married.
All right. I'll compromise. We'll both go down.
That's better.
Go ahead.
Wait a minute go ahead!
I'll teach you... I'll teach you to trifle with Barnaby Silas!
- You know what?
- What?
He's not here.
I can see he's not here!
- Oh look! Maybe he went through this way.
- I'll bet he did. Let's go see.
I wonder where he went?
We'll soon find out. Let's go that way.
There he is!
Mr. Barnaby! You're going back with us
Oh the Bogeymen!
I can't get help!
They've escaped me. But I'll get them if I have to destroy all of Toyland!
To the rafts!
Stand back! Here comes the king.
Why all the commotion?
Have you no reverence for my beauty sleep? !
Sorry your majesty, but we were celebrating the rescue... of Tom Tom and Bo Peep, from Bogeyland.
Splendid news!
And who had the courage to do this?
They did, sir.
Did you get Barnaby?
No sir! He was running so fast, we couldn't catch him.
- He was scared to death, wasn't he?
- He sure was!
Well tell me all about it.
Stannie and me chased Barnaby and the Bogeyman so far, they'll never come back!
- What do these Bogeyman look like?
- Oh they're terrible looking things!
They're half man and half animal!
With great big ears, great big mouths, and long claws,
- Come back! - You don't have to run away!
- Nothing to be afraid of! - You're not scared now!
They're not half as bad as they look!
There they are!
Follow me!
Break in the door!
- Here!
- What are you going to do?
We'll fix those Bogeymen!
Come on, now!
- Say, you know what!
- Let's load them in the cannon!
Get some more darts!
- You know what! - What?
The wooden soldiers!
Let's get the cannon and give them a parting shot!
Hunger strike?
How long has this been going on?
She hasn't had a thing yesterday or today.
- Sending meals up to her regularly?
- Yes, sir. Why don't you jam it down her throat?
It's not that simple, Mr. Andrews.
I'll talk to her myself. Have some food brought up to her.
Yes, sir.
I won't eat a thing until you let me off this boat.
Come now, Ellie. You know I'll have my way.
Not this time, you won't! I'm already married to him.
You'll never live under the same roof with him.
I'll see to it.
Get it through your head, King Westley and I are married!
Definitely, legally, actually married! It's over, it's finished.
There's not a thing you can do about it. I'm over 21 and so is he.
While you've been onboard I've arranged to have your marriage annulled.
Annulled. I'll have something to say about that and so will King.
I expect him to.
The vittles.
Come in. I told you not to bring any food in here.
Now wait a minute. This isn't for you.
Put it down here.
Smart, aren't you?
So subtle. Strategy, my dear.
Was it strategy sending those gorillas to drag me away from the Justice of the Peace?
Your idea of strategy is to use a lead pipe.
I've won many arguments that way.
Besides not liking him, you haven't got a thing against King.
- He's a fake. - He's one of the best flyers in the country.
He's no good. You married him because I said not to.
You're always telling me what not to do.
Because you've always been a stubborn idiot.
I come from a long line of stubborn idiots.
Don't shout so. You may work up an appetite.
I'll shout if I want to! I'll scream if I want to!
All right, scream.
Let me off this boat or I'll break every piece of furniture in here!
Here, now.
Have a nice piece of juicy steak. You don't have to eat it.
Just smell it. It's a poem.
Lower the boats! Catch her!
Come on, men!
She got away, sir.
Of course, she's too smart for you.
Send a wireless to the Lovington Detective Agency.
"Daughter escaped again.
"Watch roads, airports and train stations in Miami."
Palm Beach, Savannah, Jacksonville New York, Philadelphia.
We're wasting our time. Imagine Ellie Andrews riding on a bus.
I told the old man it was bunk.
Ticket for New York, please.
- Here's your ticket.
- Thank you very much.
Thank you.
What's going on here?
I'd like to use that phone.
Go away. This is history in the making.
- What?
- There's a man biting a dog in there.
Heel, boy.
I can't stand this any longer.
In a pig's eye, you will.
Listen monkey face, when you fired me, you fired the best news hound your filthy scandal sheet ever had.
You wouldn't know a newspaper story if it kicked you in the pants.
I got all your copy.
Why didn't you tell me you were gonna write it in Greek?
I'd start a new department.
That was free verse, you gas house palooka.
What was free about it?
It cost this paper a gob of dough.
And it's not going to cost us any more!
Gordon.
Did you know he reversed the charge?
What?
Why you....
When you get back to New York, you keep far away from this office.
You're fired. You don't work here anymore and you never will.
What'd he say?
So, you're changing your tune?
You're late with your apologies.
I wouldn't go back to work for you if you begged me on your hands and knees!
I hope this'll be a lesson to you.
Did we tell that baby?
- We don't need anymore of his lip.
- You told him, Pete.
I guess he knows now, how I feel about his job.
I bet he does, too.
Is my chariot ready?
Your chariot awaiteth withouteth, mighty King.
- Lead on, sire.
- Make way for the king.
Make way for the king.
Long live the king.
Philadelphia, all aboard!
Step down Marty, King is back.
On the rack in the back.
It's your goodbye chariot.
Make hams of you and scram!
Two thousand miles is a long trip.
Make yourself comfortable with a pleasant pillow.
Pillow, sir?
Driver! If you'll be good enough to move those newspapers, I'll have a seat.
Hey, wait a minute!
What do you think you're doing?
The papers. What's the idea of throwing them out?
The papers?
It's a long story, my friend.
I never did like the idea of sitting on newspapers.
I did it once, and all the headlines came off on my white pants.
It actually happened. Nobody bought a paper that day.
They followed me all over town and read the news off the seat of my pants.
A fresh guy. What you need is a good sock on the nose.
Listen partner, you may not like my nose, but I do.
I always wear it out in the open so if anybody wants to take a sock at it, they can.
Yeah?
Now, that's a brilliant answer. Why didn't I think of it?
Our conversation could have been over long ago.
Yeah?
If you keep that up, we won't get anywhere.
Yeah?
You got me. Yeah!
Excuse me, lady. But that upon which you sit is mine.
I beg your pardon?
Now listen, I put up a stiff fight for that seat.
So, if it's just the same to you, scram.
Driver, are these seats reserved?
- No. First come, first serve.
- Thank you.
These seats accommodate two people, don't they?
Maybe they do, maybe they don't.
Thank you.
Move over.
This is a "maybe they do."
If you'd ask me real nice, I might put that bag up there for you.
Next time you drop in, bring your folks.
Get some! Come on, everybody!
Hot dogs, folks!
Rest station, 15 minutes. We'll only be here 15 minutes.
Red hot coffee!
Right around there.
Get the red hot coffee! Hot dogs!
Can't enjoy the ride unless you eat!
He got away.
I found myself in the middle of brush and no sign of the skunk.
I don't know what you're raving about, young man.
- Furthermore, I'm not interested.
- Well of all the....
Maybe you'll be interested to know your bag is gone.
My heavens! It's gone!
I knew you'd catch on eventually.
- What am I going to do now?
- Don't tell me your ticket was in it.
No, got that all right. But not my money. All I have here is $4.
You can wire home for money in Jacksonville.
No, I can't.
- Yes, I guess I will.
- I'll tell the driver about your bag.
Thank you, I'd rather you didn't.
Don't be a fool. You've lost your bag. The company should pay for it.
- What's your name?
- I don't want it reported!
That's silly. The company will take care of it.
Can you understand English?
Would you please keep out of my affairs?
I want to be left alone.
Why, you ungrateful brat.
Board!
All aboard!
Jacksonville, 30 minutes for breakfast.
Only 30 minutes for breakfast.
Just 30 minutes. That's all. No more.
Read all about it!
I'm so sorry.
Silly, isn't it?
Why, everybody's gone!
Thank you for that, very much.
- We're in Jacksonville, aren't we?
- Yes.
That was foolish of me.
Why didn't you shove me away?
I hated to wake you up.
You look kind of pretty asleep.
How about some breakfast?
No thank you. No, I'm going to the Windsor Hotel.
Windsor?
You'll never make it in time. We leave in a half an hour.
No, they'll wait for me.
Driver, I'm going to be a few minutes late. Be sure to wait for me.
Yeah?
Yes.
Where's the bus to New York?
It left about 20 minutes ago.
But that's ridiculous. I was on that bus. I told them to wait.
I'm sorry, miss, but it's gone.
Good morning.
Remember me?
I'm the fellow you slept on last night.
Seems to me, I've already thanked you for that.
What time's the next bus?
8:00 tonight.
8:00?
That's 12 hours.
Sorry, miss.
What's wrong?
Wouldn't the old meanies wait for you?
Why are you so excited? You missed it, too.
Yeah, I missed it too.
Don't tell me you did it on my account.
I hope you haven't any idea that what happened last night is....
Young man, you needn't concern yourself about me.
I can take care of myself.
You're doing a pretty sloppy job of it.
Here's your ticket.
My ticket?
I found it on the seat.
Thank you. It must have fallen out of my purse.
You'll never get away with it, Miss Andrews.
- What are you talking about?
- You won't get away with it.
Your father will stop you before you get halfway to New York.
You must have me confused with someone else.
Quit kidding. It's all over the front page.
I've always been curious to know what kind of a girl would marry a front-page aviator like King Westley.
Take my advice. Grab the next bus back to Miami. That guy's a phoney.
I didn't ask for your advice.
That's right. You didn't.
You're not going to notify my father, are you?
What for?
You probably could get some money out of him.
I never thought of that.
If you promise not to do it, I'll pay you as much as he will.
You won't gain a thing by giving me up.
I'm willing to make it worth your while.
I've got to get to New York without being stopped.
It's very important to me.
I'd pay you now, only all I had when I jumped off the yacht was a watch.
I had to pawn it to get these clothes.
I'll give you my address. You can contact me in New York.
Never mind.
I had you pegged right from the jump.
Just the spoiled brat of a rich father. The only way you get anything is to buy it.
You're in a jam and all you can think of is your money. It never fails, does it?
Ever hear of the word "humility"?
No, you wouldn't.
It never occurred to you to say "Please, Mister, I'm in trouble.
That'd bring you down off your high horse.
I'll tell you something to ease your mind.
You don't have to worry about me.
I'm not interested in your money or your problem.
You, King Westley, your father. You're all a lot of hooey to me.
You send telegrams here?
I'm just fine, thanks.
And how are you?
"To Joe Gordon, in care of New York Mail, New York.
"Am I laughing. The biggest scoop of the year just dropped in my lap.
"I know where Ellen Andrews is." No, do you really?
Go on. Send the telegram.
"How would you like to have the story? You big tub of...."
Mush.
"Tub of mush. Well, try and get it.
"What I said about never writing another line for you still goes.
"Are you burning?
Peter Warne."
That'll be $2.60.
- Send it collect. - Collect?
Collect.
Bus leaving for Savannah, Charleston, Columbia, Greensboro, Richmond Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York....
Hi, sister. All alone? My name's Shapeley.
May as well get acquainted, it's a long trip. Gets tiresome.
Especially for somebody like you.
You look like you've got class.
Yes, with a capital "K". I'm the guy that knows class when he sees it.
Believe you me. Ask any of the boys. They'll tell you.
Shapeley sure knows how to pick them.
Shapeley's the name and that's the way I like them.
You made no mistake sitting next to me.
Most girls you meet on the bus ain't nothing to write home to the wife about.
You gotta be awful careful who you hit it up with.
You can't be too particular, neither.
What's the matter, you ain't saying much?
Seems to me you're doing excellently without any assistance.
That's pretty good. "Seems to me you're doing excellently without any assistance."
Well shut my big, nasty mouth.
Looks like you're one up on me.
There's nothing I like better than to meet a high-class mama that can snap back at you.
The colder they are, the hotter they get.
That's what I always say.
Yes, sir.
When a cold mama gets hot, boy how she sizzles.
Now you're just my type.
Believe me, sister, I could go for you in a big way.
"Fun-on-the-side Shapeley," they call me. With accent on the "fun". Believe you me.
Believe you me, you bore me to distraction.
Looks like you're two up on me now.
Hey, you.
- There's a seat over there for you. - What's the idea?
I'd like to sit next to my wife, if you don't mind.
- Your wife?
- Yes.
Come on.
Yeah. Sure, excuse me.
You know, I was just....
Sure. Excuse me, miss. I was just trying to make things pleasant.
Excuse me, I....
I didn't mean anything, Doc.
- No offence, Doc. - No.
If you promise not to snap my head off, I'd like to thank you.
Forget it. I didn't do it for you. His voice gets on my nerves.
What'd you do all day?
Ran in and out of doorways. Trying to keep out of the rain.
Your clothes are all wet.
Here.
You're as helpless as a baby.
Thank you.
Here you are, folks. Cigars, cigarettes, chewing gum, candy, magazines.
Here, boy.
- Yes, ma'am. - A box of chocolates, please.
- Never mind. She doesn't want it. - But....
- Of course, I do. What do you mean?
- Beat it.
Well, you've got your nerve. Here, boy!
$1 .60.
You had $4 last night.
How will you get to New York at this rate?
That's none of your business.
You're on a budget from now on.
- Just a minute.
You can't-- - Shut up.
- What's the matter, officer?
- Bridge washed out.
Looks like we can't get through till morning.
If any passengers want a place to sleep you'll find an auto camp up yonder a piece.
- Where?
- Right over there. See those lights?
Dyke's Auto camp.
All right, thanks. Hey, brat.
Are you talking to me?
Yeah. Come on, we're stopping here for the night.
Hey! Come on, we're all set.
Good evening. Hope you and your husband rest comfortable.
Come on!
What are you going to do, stay out there all night?
Darn clever, these Armenians?
Yeah, it's a gift.
I just had the unpleasant sensation of hearing you referred to as my husband.
Yeah. I forgot to tell you about that. I registered as Mr. and Mrs.
You did?
What am I expected to do?
Leap for joy?
I kind of half expected you to thank me.
Your ego is absolutely colossal.
Yeah, it's not bad. How's yours?
You know, compared to you, my friend Shapeley's an amateur.
Just whatever gave you any idea I'd stand for this?
Now wait a minute. Let's get this straightened out right now.
If you're nursing any silly notion that I'm interested in you, forget it.
You're just a headline to me.
A headline?
You're not a newspaper man, are you?
Chalk up one for your side.
Now listen. You want to get to King Westley, don't you?
All right, I'm here to help you. What I want is your story.
Exclusive. A day-to-day account. All about your mad fight to happiness.
I need that story. Between you and me, I've got to have it.
Isn't that just too cute.
There's a brain behind that face of yours, isn't there?
You've got everything nicely figured out for yourself. Including this.
This?
Well, that's a matter of simple mathematics.
These cabins cost $2 a night.
I'm very sorry to inform you, wifey dear but the family purse won't stand for our having separate establishment.
Thank you very much, sir. You've been very kind.
It's all right with me. Go on out in the storm.
But I'm going to follow you.
Yeah.
And if you get tough, I'll just have to turn you over to your old man. Right now.
Savvy?
That's my whole plot in a nutshell.
A simple story for simple people.
You behave yourself, I'll see you get to King Westley.
If not, I'll just have to spill the beans to Papa.
Now, which of these beds do you prefer?
This one? All right.
That, I suppose, makes everything quite all right.
This?
I like privacy when I retire. Yes, I'm very delicate in that respect.
Prying eyes annoy me.
Behold the walls of Jericho.
Maybe not as thick as the ones that Joshua blew down with his trumpet.
But a lot safer.
You see, I have no trumpet.
Now to show you my heart's in the right place I'll give you my best pair of pyjamas.
Do you mind joining the Israelites?
You don't want to join the Israelites?
All right. Perhaps you're interested in how a man undresses.
There's a funny thing about that. Quite a study in psychology.
No two men do it alike.
I once knew a man who kept his hat on until he was completely undressed.
Now he made a picture.
Years later, his secret came out. He wore a toupee.
I have a method all my own.
If you'll notice, the coat came first. Then the tie. Then the shirt.
Now, according to Hoyle, after that the pants should be next.
There's where I'm different.
I go for the shoes next.
First the right. Then the left.
After that, it's every man for himself.
Still with me, brat?
Don't be a sucker.
A good night's rest will do you a lot of good.
Besides, you got nothing to worry about.
The walls of Jericho will protect you from the big bad wolf.
"Who's afraid of the big bad wolf?
The big bad wolf
"The big bad wolf
"She's afraid of the big bad wolf Tra, la, la, la, la"
Would you mind please, putting out the light?
No, not at all.
I wish you'd take those things off the walls of Jericho.
Excuse me.
By the way, what's your name?
What's that?
Who are you?
Who, me?
I'm the whippoorwill that cries in the night.
I'm the soft morning breeze that caresses your lovely face.
You've got a name, haven't you?
Yeah, I got a name. Peter Warne.
Peter Warne.
I don't like it.
Don't let it bother you. You're giving it back to me in the morning.
Pleased to meet you, Mr. Warne.
The pleasure is all mine, Mrs. Warne.
- Another message, sir. - What is it?
What is it?
It's from Charleston.
"Checking every northbound train.
"Also assigned 20 operators to watch main highways.
"No sign of her yet. Will continue to do all possible.
"Signed, Lovington Detective Agency."
It's just the same as all the others.
- Yes, sir? - I said I was in a hurry to get to New York.
- What are we crawling for?
- I got it wide open.
- All right, step on it. - Yes, sir.
I hope she's all right.
All right?
Of course, she's all right. What could happen to her?
- Nothing, sir. - Then shut up about it.
Hello?
Hey, mister.
Hello.
What's the matter, you not up yet?
- What time is it?
- 8:00. Here.
It's a toothbrush, thanks.
My dress, you had it pressed.
Come on. Breakfast will be ready soon.
You sweet thing. Where'd you get it pressed?
I'll count to 10.
If you're not out of bed by then I'll drag you out myself.
- One, two, three, four, five....
- I really think you would!
I'm out! I'm out!
You'll find the showers just behind the second cottage.
Outside?
All the best homes have them outside.
I can't go out like this.
- Like what?
- Like this. I have no robe.
Here, use mine.
Thanks.
Make it snappy.
Wait, it's not my fault. You got the sleeve.
- Here are my puppets. - Thanks.
Where'd you say the showers were?
Here's a towel.
Thank you.
You're kind of little, aren't you?
Where's the shower?
Your hair's cute like that. You should never comb it.
I'll find it myself.
Are the showers in there?
They ain't out here.
Thank you.
Can't a body have a little privacy around here?
You want a shower around here, you'll stand in line.
Hi, sister. You remember me, Shapeley?
Say, I'm sorry about last night.
Didn't know you was married to that guy. You should've told me right off.
High time you got back.
I met some very interesting women at the showers.
We got chatting about this and that. You know how time flies.
Come on. Sit down.
My, my. Scrambled eggs.
Egg.
One egg. One donut, black coffee. That's your ration till lunch.
Any complaints?
No. No complaints.
I'd have cream for your coffee, but I'd be buying a whole pint.
You don't have to apologise to me.
You don't know how much I appreciate all this.
What makes you so disgustingly cheerful this morning?
Must be the spring.
I thought maybe "believe you me" told you some more snappy stories.
No. He apologised for last night. Said he didn't know we were married.
Just shows you how wrong a guy can be.
- Donut?
- Thanks.
You think this whole business is silly?
Running away and all.
No. Makes too good a story.
Yes, you do. You think I'm a fool and a spoiled brat.
Perhaps I am. Although, I don't see how I can be.
Spoiled people are used to having their way.
I never have. On the contrary.
I've always been told what to do and how to do it and when and with whom.
Can you believe, this is the first time I've ever been alone with a man?
Yeah.
It's a wonder I'm not panic-stricken.
You're doing all right.
Thanks.
Nurses, governesses, chaperones, even bodyguards. It's been a lot of fun.
One consolation, you can never get lonesome.
It has its moments. It's become a sort of game, trying to outwit father's detectives.
I did once. Actually went shopping without a bodyguard.
It was swell. I felt absolutely immoral.
It didn't last long, they found me in a department store.
I was so mad, I ran out the back way and jumped into the first car I saw.
Guess who was in it?
Santa Claus?
Ghandi?
King Westley was in it.
- Is that how you met him?
- Yes.
We rode around all afternoon. Father was frantic.
By 6:00, he was having all the rivers dragged.
Where'd you learn to dunk, in finishing school?
Now don't you start telling me I shouldn't dunk.
Of course you shouldn't. You don't know how.
Dunking is an art. Don't let it soak so long. A dip and sock, into your mouth.
You leave it in too long, it gets soft and falls off.
It's all a matter of timing. I'll write a book about it.
Thanks, professor.
Just goes to show you. $20 million, and you don't know how to dunk.
I'd change places with a plumber's daughter any day.
How do I know who you are?
I never saw you before.
You can't go around bothering my tenants. There's no girl by that name here.
How do I know you're detectives?
Show him your credentials, Mac.
Detectives.
That's father at work. Peter, what'll I do?
Maybe I can jump out of the window. They won't see me.
Get yourself all mussed up.
Get your hair down over your eyes and undo your buttons.
I got a letter from Aunt Bella last week.
She said if we don't stop over in Wilkes-Barre, she'll never forgive us.
What are you talking about?
The baby's due next month. They want us to come.
She saw your sister on the street the other day. Said she's looking swell.
Come in.
I hope Aunt Bella has a boy, don't you?
Grandma says it's gonna be a girl. She hasn't missed calling one in years.
Man here to see you, sweetheart.
Who, me?
You wanna see me?
What's your name?
- Are you addressing me?
- Yeah. What's your name?
Wait a minute.
That's my wife you're talking to.
What do you mean coming here?
What do you want?
- We're looking for somebody. - Fine, but don't come busting in here.
This isn't a public park.
I got news to take a sock at you.
- Take it easy. - The men are detectives.
Even if they're the whole police department they can't bust in here, questioning my wife.
Don't get so excited. He asked you a simple question.
Is that so? How many times have I told you not to butt in?
You don't have to lose your temper!
As usual. Every time I try to protect you.
At the elks dance, when that big Swede hit on you.
He did not! I told you a million times.
He kept pawing you all over the dance floor.
He didn't. You were drunk.
Nuts! Just like your old man.
Once a plumber's daughter, always a plumber's daughter.
There ain't an ounce of brains in your family.
Peter Warne, you've gone far enough!
- Shut up! - You see what you've done?
Sorry, but you see, we've gotta check up on everybody.
We're looking for a girl named Ellen Andrews.
Daughter of that big Wall Street mogul.
Too bad you're not looking for a plumber's daughter.
Quit bawling!
I told you they were a perfectly nice married couple.
You weren't bad, jumping in like that.
- You've got a brain. - You're not so bad, yourself.
We could start a two-people stock company.
Things get tough, we'll play to small town auditoriums.
We'll call this one, "The Great Deception."
What about "Cinderella" or a real hot love story?
No, too mushy.
I like mushy stuff.
Quit bawling!
Bus leaves in five minutes!
- What?
- Your bus leaves in five minutes.
Holy smoke, we're not even packed yet.
I'm starting to think you couldn't find your way home.
This is the last session....
- Yeah?
- Telegram for you.
- Bring it in. - Another wire from Peter Warne.
Warne?
Throw it in the wastebasket. Wait a minute. What does it say?
"Have I got a story. Stop. It's getting hotter and hotter.
"Hope you're the same."
- Collect? - Yes.
- If you accept another one, you're fired.
And that gives me an idea for all of you.
I want action, Lovington, action.
- We can't do the impossible. - It isn't impossible.
She's somewhere between here and Miami. I want her found.
- I put extra men on, the whole way. - That's not enough.
Send in Clark and Brown.
- You sure she isn't with King Westley?
- No.
He's being trailed 24 hours a day.
He can't even get a phone call we don't know about.
I'm worried. After all, something might have happened to her.
I don't think so.
Brown, arrange a radio broadcast.
Coast-to-coast hook up.
Offer a reward of $10,000 for information on her whereabouts.
Clark, send the story to all of the newspapers.
Some out-of-town papers may not have a picture of her.
Wire this to them. I want the story to break right away.
Now we'll get some action!
Fine, that's fine.
You know that one about the man who flew on the trapeze?
Yeah.
"Once I was happy but now I'm forlorn
"Like an old coat that is tattered and torn
"Left in this wide world to weep and to mourn
"Betrayed by a maid in her teens
"This maid that I loved she was handsome
"And I tried all I knew how to please
"But I never could please her one-quarter so well
"As the man on the flying trapeze
"He flies through the air with the greatest of ease
"The daring young man on the flying trapeze
"His actions are graceful, all the girls he does please
"And my love he has stolen away"
I know the second verse there.
"Now he'd play with a miss like a cat with a mouse
"His eyes would undress every girl in the house
"Perhaps he is better described as a louse And still people came just the same
"Now he smiles from the bar on the people below
"And one night he smiled on my love
"She blew him a kiss
"And she hollered bravo And he hung by his schnozzle from above
"He floats through the air with the greatest of ease
"Daring young man on the flying trapeze His actions are graceful
"All the girls he does please And my love he has stolen away"
Do you mind if I take the third one?
"I wept and I whimpered I simpered for weeks
"While she spent her time with the circus' freaks
"The tears were like hailstones that rolled down my cheeks
"Alas, Alack and Alaska
"I went to this fellow the villain, and I said
"I'll see that you get your deserts
"His thumb to his nose he put up with a sneer
"He sneered once again and said no
"He flies through the air with the greatest of ease
"That daring young man on the flying trapeze
"His actions are graceful The girls he does please
"My love he has stolen away"
- Everybody keep your seats. - Thank the man for me, Peter.
It's the first comfortable position I've been in all night.
"She flies through the air with the greatest of ease
"The daring young--"
What's the matter with you? Somebody help.
Something happened to her.
Look how pale she is.
Let's give her a chance to snap out of it.
Don't worry. She'll be all right.
We ain't ate nothing since yesterday.
What happened to your money?
Ma spent it all on the tickets. We didn't know it was gonna be so much.
We shouldn't have come, I guess.
But Ma said there was a job waiting for her in New York and if we didn't go, she might lose it.
She'll be all right when she's had something to eat.
The next time we come to, you buy some food. Now come on.
I shouldn't ought to take this. Ma'll get mad.
Don't tell her. You don't want her to get sick again.
No, but you might need it.
Come on.
I got millions.
Here.
- Thanks. - Come on, go back.
Better phone for some help.
Go phone if you want to. The nearest town is 10 miles away.
Yeah?
Say, buddy. Like to take a look at my paper?
Travelling like this, you lose track of what's going on in the world.
Take that story there, for instance.
If I was to see that dame, you know what I'd do?
No.
I'd go fifty-fifty with you.
Why?
Because I don't believe in hogging.
A bird that figures that way always ends up behind the eight ball.
That's what I always say.
What's on your mind?
Five G's or I crab the works.
Let's get away from here and talk this over privately.
I knew she wasn't your wife all the time.
Lucky thing, my running into you. Just the man I need.
- You made no mistake, believe me. - I can use a smart guy like you.
- When you're talking to old man Shapeley...
Huh?
A gat. A rod.
- Got any fireworks on you? - No.
I got a couple of machine guns in my suitcase. I'll give you one of them.
May have trouble up north. Have to shoot it out with the cops.
If you manage, those five G's are as good as in the bag. Maybe more.
I'll talk to the Killer, he'll take care of you.
Killer? Yeah.
The big boy. The boss of the outfit.
You're not kidnapping her, are you?
What else, stupid?
You don't think we're after that penny-ante reward?
$10, 000? Chicken feed.
Now listen, we're holding that dame for a million smackers.
Say, I didn't know it was anything like this. You see, I've got....
What's the matter?
You getting yellow?
I'm a married man. I got a couple of kids.
I can't afford to get....
Pipe down your mug before I....
What are you trying to do, tell the whole world about it?
Listen, you're into this thing and you're staying in, get me?
You know too much.
I won't say anything, honest I won't.
How do I know that?
I got a notion to plug you.
- Why should I take a chance with you?
- Trust me, mister. I'll keep my mouth shut.
Yeah?
What's your name?
Oscar Shapeley.
- Where do you live?
- Orange, New Jersey.
Got a couple of kids?
Yes, sir. Just babies. A little golden-haired girl.
- You love them, don't you?
- Yes, I do.
You wouldn't.
You're not thinking of--
- You keep your trap shut, all right? - Sure.
- If you don't.... - I'll keep my trap shut. I will.
You ever hear of Bugs Dooley?
Bugs Dooley? No.
He was a nice guy, just like you.
And he made a big mistake one day.
Got a little too talkative.
- You know what happened to his kid? - No.
I can't tell you.
But when Bugs heard about it he blew his brains out.
That's terrible.
He had it coming to him. He talked too much. I never talk.
I never say a word. Word of honour.
I wouldn't want anything to happen to my kids.
Okay. Just remember that.
Now beat it.
Sure, mister. Thanks. I always knew you guys were--
Come on, scram. And stay away from that bus.
Sure. Anything you say.
- You wouldn't shoot me in the back?
- If you don't beat it....
I'm going.
What's wrong?
Why do we have to leave the bus? Come on.
Don't ask so many questions.
Why?
Poor old Shapeley. You shouldn't have frightened him like that.
At the rate he's going, he's probably crossed two state lines by this time.
Why did we have to leave the bus?
When Shapeley stops running, he's going to start thinking, isn't he?
I've been doing a little thinking myself.
The next town we come to, you better wire your father.
What's the matter, are you weakening? No.
I was just thinking of you. A starvation diet may not agree with you.
Did you give that child all your money?
I gave him nothing. You were the big-hearted gal.
All the money I had was that ten spot.
So I've been thinking you better wire your father.
No, sir. I started out for New York and I'm going to get there if I have to starve all the way.
Okay.
What is this strange power this man Westley has over you women?
Here, take these.
- Hold on to them. Get up on that log. - That?
Get up on the log.
I wish you'd stop being playful.
So sorry. You know, this is the first time in years I've ridden piggyback.
This isn't piggyback.
- Of course it is. - You're crazy.
I remember distinctly my father taking me for a piggyback ride.
- And he carried you like this?
- Yes.
Your father didn't know beans about piggyback riding.
My uncle has four children. I've seen them ride piggyback.
I'll bet there isn't a good piggyback rider in your family.
I never knew a rich man who could piggyback ride.
You're prejudiced.
Show me a good piggy backer. I'll show you a real human.
Take Abraham Lincoln for instance. A natural born piggy backer.
Where do you get off with that stuffed-shirt family of yours?
My father was a great piggy backer.
Here, hold this a minute.
Thank you.
How long does this keep up?
My feet are killing me.
This looks like the best spot.
We're not going to sleep out here, are we?
I don't know about you, but I'm going to give a good imitation of it.
Peter?
What?
I'm awfully hungry.
It's just your imagination.
No it isn't.
I'm hungry and scared.
You can't be hungry and scared both at the same time.
Well, I am.
If you're scared, it scares the hunger out of you.
Not if you're more hungry than scared.
All right, you win. Let's forget about it.
I can't forget it. I'm still hungry.
Holy smoke! Why did I ever get mixed up with you?
If I had any sense, I'd be in New York by this time.
What about your story?
Taking a married woman back to her husband.
I turned out to be the prize sucker.
All right, come on. Your bed's all ready.
I'll get my clothes all wrinkled.
- Then take them off. - What?
All right, don't take them off.
Do what you please, but shut up about it.
You're becoming awfully disagreeable lately.
You just snap my head off every time I open my mouth.
If being with me is so distasteful to you, you can leave.
You can leave any time you see fit.
Nobody's holding you here.
I can get along.
Peter?
Peter!
- What's the matter?
- I was so scared!
What's got into you? I left for a minute to find you something to eat.
I know but....
Here, eat your head off.
I don't want it now.
- I thought you said you were hungry. - I was, but--
But what?
I was so scared, it scared the hunger--
Holy jumping catfish. You drive a guy crazy.
It's liable to get chilly before morning.
Better use this.
What are you thinking about?
By a strange coincidence, I was thinking of you.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I was just wondering what makes dames like you so dizzy.
What did you say we're supposed to be doing?
Hitchhiking.
You've given me a very good example of the hiking.
Where does the hitching come in?
It's a little early yet. No cars out.
If it's the same to you I'm going to sit right here and wait until they come.
You got a toothpick?
- What's the matter?
- I got hay in my teeth.
No, I haven't got a toothpick. Here, I got a penknife, though.
Now hold still.
- Be careful. - All right. Where is it?
All right, now hold still.
Here. Get it?
Thanks.
You should have swallowed that. You won't have any breakfast, you know?
You needn't rub it in.
- What are you eating?
- Carrots.
- Raw?
- Want one?
No.
Why didn't you get me something I could eat?
That's right, I forgot. The idea of offering a raw carrot to an Andrews.
You don't think I'm going around panhandling for you, do you?
Have one of these. Best thing for you, carrots.
I hate the horrid things.
I wish you wouldn't talk so much. Now we let a car get away.
And suppose nobody stops for us?
They'll stop all right. It's a matter of knowing how to handle them.
And you're an expert I suppose. Expert.
And I'll write a book about it. Call it "The Hitchhiker's Hail."
There's no end to your accomplishments, is there?
- You think it's simple? - No.
Well, it is simple.
It's all in that old thumb, see?
Some people do it like this. Or like this.
All wrong. Never get anywhere.
The poor things.
But that old thumb never fails. It's all a matter of how you do it, though.
Now you take No. 1, for instance.
That's a short jerky movement, like this. That shows independence.
You don't care if they stop or not. You got money.
- Clever. - No. 2, that's a little wider movement.
Smile goes with this one, like this.
That means you got a brand-new story about the farmer's daughter.
You figured that out all by yourself?
That's nothing. No. 3, that's a pip. That's the pitiful one.
When you're broke and hungry, everything looks black.
It's a long sweeping movement like this. Gotta follow through, though.
That's amazing.
But it's no good, if you haven't got a long face to go with it.
Here comes a car. Okay.
Now watch me. I'm gonna use No. 1.
Keep your eye on that thumb, baby, and see what happens.
I still got my eye on the thumb.
Something must have gone wrong. I'll try No. 2.
When you get to 100, wake me up.
I don't think I'll write that book after all.
Think of all the fun you had, though.
You mind if I try?
You?
Don't make me laugh.
You're such a smart aleck. Nobody knows anything but you.
I'll stop a car and I won't use my thumb.
What are you gonna do?
It's a system all my own.
Aren't you going to give me a little credit?
What for?
I proved once and for all that the limb is mightier than the thumb.
Why didn't you take off all your clothes?
You could have stopped 40 cars.
I'll remember that when we need 40 cars.
So, you're just married? That's pretty good.
But if I was young, that's the way I'd spend my honeymoon.
Yes, sir. "Hitchhiking down the highway
"Of love on a honeymoon
"Hitchhiking down the highway, down"
Aren't you afraid you'll burn out a tonsil?
Tonsil?
Me? No.
Me burn a tonsil? "My tonsils won't burn"
All right, let it go.
"Turn"
How about a bite to eat?
- That would be lovely. - No thanks, we're not hungry.
Young people in love are never hungry.
No.
"Young people in love
"Are very seldom hungry
"People in love are very seldom hungry"
What were you going to do?
Gold dig that guy for a meal?
Sure, I was. No fooling, I'm hungry.
Eat a carrot.
No.
I'm going in to ask him.
You do and I'll break your neck.
Come on, let's get out of here. Stretch our legs.
I'm sorry....
That's all right.
Hey! Come here!
You've got my suitcase!
What happened to you?
I was worried. - Get in.
- Look at your face! You've got a cut!
Well, what happened? A road thief.
Picks people up, runs off with their things. What a racket.
How'd you get the car?
I gave him a black eye for it and had to tie him up to a tree.
Can't be much gas left in this thing.
Gotta start promoting some.
Better take the things out of the pocket of that coat.
That'll be good for ten gallons.
I haven't changed my mind, Westley. I want you to understand that.
I don't like you. Never have. Never will.
Now that's clear enough, isn't it?
You've made it evident by your threats of annulment.
It hasn't worried me for a minute.
Ellie and I got married because we love each other. She's proving it.
As far as I'm concerned, there's going to be no annulment.
You've got hold of a good thing and you're going to hang on to it?
All right, you win.
I'll just have to get used to you.
I admit, I'm licked.
But it's only because I'm worried.
If I don't find her soon, I'll go crazy.
I could have helped if it hadn't been for you. I've been watched so closely-- I know.
Well, you can help now.
I've got a room full of reporters in there.
Now, I want you to make a statement.
Say that we've talked things over and come to an understanding.
And that if she returns I won't interfere with your marriage.
- All right?
- Yeah, that's quite all right.
Okay.
I hope you and your wife spend a pleasant week with us.
So do I. Thank you.
Goodnight.
Goodnight.
- All right, brat. - Any luck? Yeah.
He finally agreed to let us have a cabin.
What about the money?
I talked him out of that idea. He thinks we're staying a week.
- I must think something up before morning. - That's swell. Yeah?
I'm glad you think so. If you ask me, I think it's foolish.
I told you there's no use in staying here. We can make New York in three hours.
I thought you were in a hurry to get back.
Whoever heard of getting in at 3:00 in the morning?
Everybody will be asleep.
Okay.
Cottage no. 6.
There you go, trusting people again. How many times did I tell you--
But he looked like a nice, upright young fellow, Ma.
We're on the last lap.
Tomorrow morning, you'll be in the arms of your husband.
Yeah.
You'll have a great story, won't you?
Yeah.
Swell.
Thanks.
We certainly outsmarted your father.
I guess you ought to be happy.
Am I going to see you in New York?
Nope.
Why not?
I don't make it a policy to run around with married women.
There's no harm in your coming to see us.
Not interested.
Won't I ever see you again?
What for? I've served my purpose!
I brought you back to King Westley.
That's what you wanted, wasn't it?
Have you ever been in love, Peter?
Me?
Yes.
Haven't you ever thought about it at all?
It seems to me you could make some girl wonderfully happy.
Sure, I've thought about it.
Who hasn't?
If I could ever meet the right sort of girl.
Where are you gonna find her?
Somebody that's real. Somebody that's alive.
They don't come that way anymore.
Have I ever thought about it?
I've even been sucker enough to make plans.
I saw an island in the Pacific once. Never been able to forget it.
That's where I'd like to take her.
She'd have to be the sort of a girl who'd jump in the surf with me and love it as much as I did.
Nights when you, the moon and the water all become one.
You feel you're part of something big and marvellous.
That's the only place to live.
The stars are so close overhead you feel you could reach up and stir them around.
I've been thinking about it.
Boy, if I could ever find a girl who was hungry for those things.
Take me with you, Peter. Take me to your island.
I want to do all those things you talked about.
You better go back to your bed.
I love you.
Nothing else matters. But we can run away.
Everything will take care of itself.
Please, Peter I can't let you out of my life now.
I couldn't live without you.
You'd better go back to your bed.
I'm sorry.
Did you mean that?
Would you really go?
All I'm asking is enough gas to get me to New York.
That bag's worth $25.
I got a bag.
I got one for Christmas--
Here's what I'll do.
I'll come back in the morning and buy it back from you with a $10 profit.
- What do you say?
- I ain't got a hat.
- What?
- I ain't got a hat.
Well, you got one now. Come on, fill her up.
Where you been all this time? Everybody's been asking about you.
Get me one drink. Nobody disturbs me for the next half hour.
Sure, boss.
Hello, Agnes. - Don't.
He'll shoot you on sight. - Haven't been shot at in days.
- Get out of here!
Get out! - Now listen, Joe.
Don't "Joe" me.
All right, Joe. Listen.
You know I've always liked you.
Anytime I could help you, ran across a good story I came running to you with it.
I got one now.
The wires were on the level. The biggest scoop ever.
- It's yours. - About the Andrews kid?
I've got it all written up, ready to go. All I want is a $1,000. A $1,000?
Get out of here before--
Don't get sore.
You gotta do this for me.
I need a $1,000 and I need it quick.
I'm in a jam.
What's the $1,000 for?
To tear down the walls of Jericho.
Never mind.
If I told you that Ellen Andrews will annul her marriage?
- She'll marry somebody else. - You're drunk.
Would such a story be worth $1,000 to you?
- If it was on the level.
- I got it, Joe.
- Who's the guy she's gonna marry? - I am.
- You? - Yes.
Now I know you're drunk. I'm going home.
Don't annoy me anymore.
For heaven sakes! Stop being an editor for a minute.
We know each other. You ought to know when I'm serious.
This is on the level. I met her on a bus from Miami.
I've been with her every minute. I'm in love with her.
You gotta get me this money now, quick.
Minutes count.
She's waiting for me outside Philadelphia.
I gotta get right back. She doesn't even know I'm gone.
A guy can't propose to a gal without a cent in the world, can he?
What a story.
On her way to join husband, Ellen Andrews--
That's it.
Let me see that a minute.
Zeke!
I told you, you couldn't trust him.
He's gone.
Who?
The fella who was gonna stay a week. He skipped and took the car with him, too.
We wouldn't have known till morning if I hadn't took that magnesia.
Get up, don't lay there. Let's do something about it.
There ain't nothing we can do if he's gone.
See that? They're gone.
Looks like it, don't it? What's this?
Here's the woman.
- What's the matter? - Where's your husband?
- Husband?
- Yes, if he is your husband.
- Isn't he here?
- No, he ain't.
The car's gone, too.
You got any money? - No.
- Then you'll have to git! Yeah.
You'll have to git.
Please, may I use your phone? I've got to call New York.
You ain't gonna stick me for no phone call.
Go to the sheriff's office, a quarter mile down the road. They'll fix you up.
And listen, next time you better not come back here.
I run a respectable place.
- Thanks, you saved my life.
- Okay. So long kid and good luck.
Goodbye.
You're beautiful. All women are beautiful.
For my dough, he's still the best newspaper man in the business.
Get Hank, quick.
Boy, what a yarn.
Hold up the morning edition.
Break down the front page. We'll have a new layout.
Send in a couple of rewrite men. And Hank, listen.
Don't do a thing.
I've got a story that'll make your hair curl. Wait a minute.
Don't annoy me, I'm busy.
Agnes, send Mike in here!
Dig up all the pictures on that Andrews kid.
And Hank, listen, get Haley out of bed.
I want a cartoon and I want it quick.
Westley's in it. He's waiting at the church with tears on his face.
The bride didn't show up.
Old Man Andrews is laughing his head off.
Everything exaggerated. Snap into it. What is it?
Ellen Andrews?
You're crazy. I'm not.
She phoned her father from an auto camp asking him to come.
He's getting a police escort and Westley's going along.
Yes, she's been travelling by bus.
When she found out her father and Westley made up, she phoned.
Okay, grab a car and stay with them. Get Hank again.
Agnes, get me a doctor, I'm gonna have a nervous breakdown.
Hank, forget what I told you. I'm having a nightmare.
Agnes, you call the police department. Tell them to find Peter Warne.
Send out a general alarm.
I want that dirty crook pinched. You want us?
Change the front page!
Ellen Andrews just phoned her father. She's going home.
She found out Dad withdrew his objections.
She gave herself up. Spread it all over the place! Play it up big!
Major league!
"Love Triumphant." Go on, hop to it.
Okay.
Come on, baby. We gotta get there before she wakes up.
Can't you drive any faster?
"Young people in love are never hungry"
Come on, baby. We've got a police escort.
Come on, baby. They can't make a sucker out of us.
All right, come on.
Step back.
Give them room.
Come on, step back.
How about a picture for the paper, Mr. Andrews?
Wait till she gets home. Later, boys. Later.
"He floats through the air with the greatest of ease
"The daring young man on the flying trapeze"
Get that thing out of the way!
Keep your britches on, we'll get it out.
Hey, you darn fool!
Ellen Andrews is going to marry that Westley guy again.
Gordon's out back some place.
When he comes in, give him this.
Tell him I was just kidding.
- You can't get a thing done around here. - Peter was just in. - What?
- He left this money.
- He said he was just kidding. - Where is he? - There he goes.
- Hey, Pete!
I'm sorry, it was just a little gag. I thought I'd have some fun with you.
Yeah, sure you had me going for a little while, too.
- It wouldn't have made a bad story at that. - No, great.
But that's the way things go.
You think you've got a great yarn and then something comes along and messes up the finish.
And there you are.
Yeah.
Where am I?
When you sober up, come in and talk to me.
Thanks.
Ellie?
Hello, Dad.
I knocked several times.
I'm sorry.
I must have been daydreaming.
Everything's set. Creating quite a furore, too.
Great stunt King is going to pull.
Stunt?
Yeah, he's landing on the lawn in an autogyro.
Yes, I heard.
Personally, I think it's silly, too.
You look lovely, child.
Are you pleased with the gown?
Ellie?
The gown.
Yes, it's nice, isn't it?
What's the matter, child?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
You haven't changed your mind about King have you?
No.
Because if you have, it isn't too late.
You know how I feel about him.
Well, you gave me such a scare when I couldn't find you.
You know, the old pump isn't what it used to be.
I'm sorry, Father. I wouldn't hurt you for anything in the world. You know that.
What's the matter, child?
Aren't you happy?
I thought so.
I knew there was something on your mind.
There, now.
What's the matter?
You haven't fallen in love with someone else, have you?
Have you?
I haven't seen you cry since you were a baby.
This must be serious.
Where'd you meet him?
On the road.
Now don't tell me you've fallen in love with a bus driver?
Oh, no.
Who is he?
I don't know very much about him.
Except that I love him.
If it's as serious as all that, we'll move heaven and earth to--
No, it's no use.
He despises me.
Come now.
Yes, he does. He despises everything about me.
He says that I'm spoiled and selfish and pampered and thoroughly insincere.
Ridiculous.
He doesn't think so much of you, either.
Well, I--
And he blames you for everything that's wrong with me.
He says you raised me stupidly.
And now that's a fine man to fall in love with.
He's marvellous.
What are we going to do about it?
Where is he?
- I don't know.
- I'd like to have a talk with him.
It wouldn't do any good. I practically threw myself at him.
Under the circumstances, don't you think we'd better call this thing off?
No, I'll go through with it.
But that's silly. Seeing the way you feel about him.
No, it doesn't matter.
I don't want to stir up any more trouble.
I've done it all my life.
I've made your life miserable. And mine, too.
I'm tired, father. I'm tired of running around in circles.
He's right, that's what I've been doing ever since I can remember.
I've got to settle down.
It doesn't matter how, where, or with whom.
You've changed, Ellie.
I can't walk out on King now. It would make us all look so ridiculous.
Anyway, what difference does it make?
I'll never see Peter again.
Is that his name?
Peter Warne.
Peter Warne.
Why, do you know him?
Why, no.
Father, you haven't heard from him, have you?
- Don't be silly, of course.
- Please, what's that?
I guess that was his only interest in me, wasn't it?
- The reward.
- I'm sorry you read it.
- Are you going to see him? - I suppose so.
Certainly.
Pay him off.
He's entitled to it. He did an excellent job.
He kept me thoroughly entertained. It's worth every penny he gets.
Thank you, Mary. That's just what I needed.
Mr. Westley's on his way up.
Fine, have him come in.
I'll be going.
If it isn't the bridegroom himself. You're just in time, King.
How are you, Ellie?
You happy?
Happy?
Why shouldn't I be happy?
Here we are, let's drink.
It's up to you now.
I want our life to be full of excitement.
We'll never let up, will we? Never a dull moment.
We'll get on a merry-go-round and never get off.
- Promise you'll never let me get off. - Whatever you say, darling.
It's a promise.
Who?
Why can't I see you at your office?
I'm leaving for Washington tonight. I may be gone several weeks.
I thought, perhaps, you'd like to get this thing settled. Yeah.
But I don't like the idea of butting in on your jamboree.
Between you and me, those things give me a stiff pain.
You don't have to see anybody. You can come directly to my study.
No.
Why do I wanna--
Hey, wait a minute.
Maybe I will come over. Yeah.
I'd like to get a load of that three ring circus you're pulling.
I wanna see what love looks like when it's triumphant.
I haven't had a good laugh in a week.
Mr. Warne?
Yeah.
- Sit down. - Thanks.
I was surprised to get your note. My daughter hadn't told me anything about you.
About your helping her.
That's typical of your daughter. Takes those things for granted.
Why did she think I lugged her from Miami?
She thinks you're entitled to anything you can get.
She does?
Isn't that sweet of her?
You don't, I suppose.
Well, I don't know.
I'll have to see on what you base your claim.
I presume you feel justified.
If I didn't, I wouldn't be here.
I got it all itemised.
"Cash outlay, $8.60.
Top coat, $15.
"Suitcase, $7.50. Hat, $4.
"Three shirts, $4.50.
Total, $39.60.
"All of the above items had to be sold to buy gasoline."
And I sold some shorts and socks, too. I'm throwing those in.
- Yes, I know.
- What's the matter?
Isn't it cheap enough?
Trip like that'd cost you a $1,000, maybe more.
Now, let me get this straight.
You want $39.60 in addition to the $10,000?
What 10,000?
The reward.
Who said anything about a reward?
I'm afraid I'm a little bit confused.
I assumed-- All I want is $39.60.
If you give me a check for it, I'll get out of this joint.
It gives me the jitters.
- You're a peculiar chap. - We'll go into that some other time.
The average man would go after the reward.
Did anybody ever make a sucker out of you?
It's a matter of principle. You probably wouldn't understand.
When anybody takes me for a buggy ride, I don't like paying for the privilege.
Were you taken for a buggy ride?
Yes.
With all the trimmings.
So how about the check, do I get it?
- Certainly. - Thanks.
Here you are.
Thank you.
Do you mind if I ask you a question, frankly?
Do you love my daughter?
Any guy in love with your daughter should be examined.
Now that's an evasion.
She picked herself a perfect running mate, King Westley.
The pill of the century.
She needs a guy that'd sock her once a day whether it's coming to her or not.
If you were wiser, you'd have done it yourself long ago.
Do you love her?
A normal man couldn't live with her without going nutty.
She's my idea of nothing.
I asked you a simple question! Do you love her? Yes!
Now don't hold that against me!
I'm a little screwy myself!
Here's to the merry-go-round.
Perfect.
Now you look natural.
- I hope you got your money. - You bet I did.
- Congratulations. - Thanks.
Same to you.
Stay around and watch the fun. You'll enjoy it immensely.
I would, but I've got a weak stomach.
- I just had a long talk with him. - I'm not interested.
Now just a minute, Ellie.
I don't want to hear another word about him.
Come on, folks.
King Westley has arrived.
Here they come, boys.
Turn them over.
You're a sucker to go through with this.
That guy, Warne, is okay.
He didn't want the reward. All he asked for was $39.60.
It's what he spent on you. Said it was a matter of principle.
You took him for a ride.
He loves you, Ellie.
He told me so.
You don't want to be married to a mug like Westley.
I can buy him off for a pot of gold.
And you can make an old man happy.
And you won't do so bad for yourself.
If you change your mind, your car's waiting at the back gate.
Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of God and in the face of this company, to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony.
If any man can show just cause why they may not lawfully be joined together, let him now speak or else, hereafter forever, hold his peace.
King, will thou have this woman to thy wedded wife so long as you both shall live?
I will.
Ellen, will thou have this man to thy wedded husband so long as you both shall live?
Ellen!
Ellie!
What happened?
I haven't the slightest idea.
Don't want to talk to you. Don't want to talk to anybody.
Don't want to see anybody.
But it's King Westley on the phone.
Hello, my would be ex-son-in-law. I've sent you a check for $100,000.
That's the smartest thing you ever did, Westley, not to contest that annulment.
That's satisfactory, isn't it?
It ought to be.
I'm not complaining.
Not complaining.
It was dirt-cheap.
Don't fall out of any windows!
There's another wire from Peter. They're in Glen Falls, Michigan.
"What's holding up the annulment, you slowpoke.
"The walls of Jericho are toppling."
Send him a telegram right away. Just say, "Let them topple."
- Funny couple, ain't they?
- Yeah.
If you ask me, I don't believe they're married.
They're married, all right.
I just seen the license.
They made me get them a rope and a blanket, on a night like this.
What do you reckon that's for?
Blamed if I know. I just brought them a trumpet.
A trumpet? A toy.
They sent me to the store to get it.
What in the world do they want a trumpet for?
Don't know.
I wouldn't trust myself in that jungle if it was me, sir.
Well, I will.
We'll leave as soon as we can after Arlington gets here.
- What time is it?
- 2:30 p.m.
What?
Then I've got to go down to meet the boat.
Mr. Arlington can have this room when he arrives.
I'll use the lean-to.
Righto.
Blimey.
I remember the last time I was given those orders.
It was when Mr. Parker told me to get that room ready for Miss Jane... the day she arrived.
She stood right in front of that mirror, putting cold cream on her face.
Right where you're standing now.
Beamish, I want you to get Saidi to fix up a bath for Mr. Arlington.
Yes, sir.
- He'll want one as soon as he gets here.
- Righto.
Thank you.
- These are my private quarters.
- Sorry, we didn't mean to intrude.
There was nobody in the store, so we came here.
If you want to buy anything, Beamish will handle it.
Yes, indeed, we have some lovely things.
Mrs. Cutten was mad about them.
No, we just dropped in for a chat.
That's rather a large safari you're organizing for a hunt.
I haven't time to talk about it now.
I've to meet the boat.
- Sorry.
- Later, perhaps.
Perhaps.
- Couple of nice lads.
- Yes, very.
Keep your eye on the store, Beamish, while I'm away.
You can depend upon me, sir.
- Hiya, Mr. Holt!
- Hello, Edward.
Where's Mr. Arlington?
This is his luggage, but I think he's in his cabin.
- Have some boys take it to the store.
- This minute, sir.
Thanks.
Say, boy, which one is Mr...
- Martin!
- Well, Harry, you old devil!
I thought you'd never get here.
- Easy.
- Softening up a bit?
Wait till I've been here a week, man.
Lip rouge.
Better go back in your room and clean up a bit.
Just a minute.
That's not my room.
This is my friend Mr. Holt.
- Madame Feronde, Harry.
- How do you do?
- Charmed, sir.
- Here it is!
- Monsieur, I found your bag.
- Thanks very much.
This is Madame Feronde's husband.
My friend Mr. Holt.
How do you do?
Any friend of Monsieur Arlington, we are so pleased to meet.
My wife says she will never forget the funny stories he's told her.
- Goodbye.
Hope you have a nice trip.
- Thank you.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, Mr. Feronde.
Goodbye, Madame.
Au revoir.
- I'm having your things sent for.
- Good.
- Au revoir.
- Goodbye.
Charming fellow.
- How was the trip?
- It had its moments.
- Same old Arlington.
- What do you mean, old?
- Mr. Arlington, I presume.
- Yes.
- This is Henry Van Ness.
- This is my friend Tom Pierce.
How do you do?
Mr. Holt tells us you're going after a leopard.
Yes, and some rhino, too.
A bit of hunting, anyway.
- Van Ness and I got some leopard lately.
- We'll drop in and talk about it sometime.
- If you don't mind.
- No, not at all.
Tomorrow night.
You're not leaving before then?
We'll still be here.
Come along, Martin.
Who are they?
They got wind of what we're after, and they wanted in with us.
Four white men might be better than two on this trip.
You don't know those fellows, Martin.
If four of us start out and we found the ivory, only two would get back... and they wouldn't be us.
- That kind?
- Exactly.
- What'd you tell them?
- I played dumb.
Said that you were wealthy and financing a hunting trip.
- Anyway, the wealthy part was true.
- Think so?
I'm dead broke, Harry.
- So is the Bank of England.
- No, really.
I'm stony.
I've staked my last penny on this pipe dream of yours.
- It had better be good.
- You're not serious!
I am.
I've lost everything.
It's left me with an obsession to get it all back.
Anyhow, as long as I get it.
But when I do...
I'm going to sit on top of the pile with a gun and watch it grow.
Never thought I'd be in the same boat as you financially.
You had to go broke to get me there.
- Quite a place you have here.
- How do you do, sir?
- This is Beamish.
He runs the store.
- How do you do?
- Welcome, Mr. Arlington.
- Thank you.
Come this way, sir. I've fixed a nice bath for you.
I fancied you could use one.
Amazing foresight, Beamish.
I could use three baths.
Well, well!
- Fresh from the Folies Bergre?
- That's enough water.
A ceremonial dance.
Something to do with fertility.
- Personal or agricultural?
- Both, I think.
They'll be heading backcountry tomorrow.
Did you bring the dresses and things that I wrote for?
Everything.
And a few extras.
I suppose you thought I was crazy.
So your lady turned you down for a sort of a wild man from Borneo?
It's a bit fantastic, isn't it?
A well-bred English girl living in the treetops...
- with a glorified native ape-man.
- Tarzan's as white as we are.
She's Parker's daughter.
She stayed behind when he died up there.
She's hit you pretty hard, hasn't she?
I'm in love with her, if that's what you mean.
- Where shall I put these things?
- Over by the table.
Go on over there.
Put it down easy, now.
Come on, now.
I'm beginning to understand why you wanted Paris gowns.
Charm her back to civilization?
It's foolish, maybe... but I thought if she saw some of the latest dresses... got the feel of silk, scent of perfume...
Women are funny about things like that, you know.
Might remind her.
She's been up there nearly a year now.
Look here, Harry...
I've got everything I have in this.
Did you drag me out to Africa to go after ivory or a woman?
Ivory.
- But if I can get the girl...
- Well, if that's the way...
I don't mind helping you kidnap your lady as long as we get the other first.
- I'll get it for you, sir. Just a moment.
- Thanks.
You know, if you have money, women aren't hard to get.
No harm intended, sir.
How much ivory is there really up there?
More than the largest safari can carry back.
Strange instinct that leads elephants to one spot to die.
- Fortunate one for us, though.
- I'm not complaining... if you're sure you can find the burial ground again.
I made a map of it on the way back.
14-day trek, you say?
With luck, to the foot of the Mutia Escarpment.
What's that?
The Mutia Escarpment, I mean.
It's a mountain barrier that divides the Africa we know... from a country that no white man has ever seen and come back, except myself.
Natives hold it sacred.
- Taboo?
- Deadly.
It's the Juju of the Masai, the Wakabaranda... and all the tribes from the east to the west coast.
We came across a Zulu warrior once that had been killed by his tribe... because he tried to climb it.
What about our safari?
How will they feel?
They're mostly village boys.
They'll be frightened.
But I got one safari across.
- How many did you get back?
- Myself.
Promises to be something more than a pleasure jaunt.
Yes, indeed.
Yes, Saidi.
Need safari boy, bwana. Make new pick.
What are you saying?
We have 50 first-class boys.
The chiefs have promised 200 more runners once you drum out the call.
- Fifty boy "mulu," bwana.
- Gone?
All boy gone make safari with Bwana Pierce and Bwana Van Ness.
- Pierce and Van Ness?
- What's the matter?
The map!
- Beamish!
- Coming, sir.
- They looked like slippery customers.
- That they were.
- Were Pierce and Van Ness in here again?
- Only for a moment, sir.
Saidi, send out the runners, drum up the tribes.
Get 300 boys.
- How long ago did they leave?
- Sun here, bwana.
Three, four hours.
- How soon can we get started, Harry?
- With equipment, six hours.
They'll have 10 hours' start.
Let's go without safari.
We'd be outnumbered and wouldn't have a chance.
Suppose we don't catch them.
What happens then?
I think I can find the barrier again.
But above that, Tarzan is our only hope.
- Come on, Saidi, keep them going.
- Yes, bwana.
- Saidi!
- Yes, bwana.
Give me a hand here.
Here we go, boy.
Take him over here.
Take that box.
Tell the boys to take a rest.
- What's the trouble?
- Bearers are done in.
I thought we'd better give them a breather here.
Tell those boys to keep the ammunition boxes out of the water.
Yes, bwana.
- How many men have we lost?
- Eight.
We figured 10 for the whole trek.
We didn't figure this pace.
Look at the condition they're in.
What is it?
They came across a white man's campfire a few hundred yards ahead.
A white man's campfire?
Pierce and Van Ness.
- He says it's still warm.
- Still warm?
- Come on, let's have a look.
- All right.
Go ahead.
- My gun.
- No.
If they're close, they'll hear us.
Easy, Martin.
How old do you think it is?
Take cover!
- Pierce and Van Ness?
- Couldn't be anyone else.
- Notice the delayed sound?
- About 500 yards off, I'd say.
- Shall we have it out?
- We'd better not.
The base of the Escarpment's clearer.
Rather meet them there.
All right.
You know the country better than I do.
- We'll parallel their trail.
- Right.
No use in walking into an ambush.
All right, boys, come on.
Saidi, get them on their feet, and we'll swing off a bit to the left.
Yes, bwana.
I don't like the sound of that chant.
I've hated it for days.
This is different.
They're frightened about something.
What's with them?
- What's the matter, Saidi?
- Mutia.
What?
It is the Mutia.
- It isn't any too soon to suit me.
- And a day ahead of schedule!
Juju, that's why they're frightened.
We can't lose time just because they're afraid.
- Come on, Saidi, get them going!
- Yes, bwana.
Boys, get on your feet.
There's nothing to be frightened of.
- What's the matter with him?
- He afraid of Mutia.
- Not go, bwana.
- Get into line.
- Drop that spear and get into line!
- No!
Anybody else that doesn't want to go?
- Saidi, take the lead.
I'll stay back here.
- Yes, bwana.
- Whip would have done just as well.
- Perhaps you're right.
He could have carried 150 pounds of ivory.
- What's the matter, Saidi?
- Van Ness safari boy, bwana.
Gaboni kill.
- Gaboni?
- Yes, bwana.
Gaboni all time arrow here.
Couldn't be Gabonis.
They wouldn't leave the body here.
- Why not?
- They're cannibals.
First make kill.
Bye, embark, come back.
The wound looks pretty fresh.
They can't be far away.
The map.
Pierce must have it.
I wonder if he got...
Is this it?
The part we don't need.
If they'd made the Mutia, no tribe would've followed them.
Sacred ground.
- What's that?
- Drum.
Gaboni, bwana.
It's pretty close.
- We'd better make a run for it.
- Right.
Come on, Saidi, get them going!
- Make a stand?
- No, that's what Pierce and Van Ness did.
All right, come on!
Bwana, Mutia!
The Escarpment!
Come on!
- Here they come.
- They'll never follow.
The Mutia is sacred.
- He was on the Mutia!
- Lucky superstition for us.
We're out of range now.
What about a breather here?
We've got to make the top before dark.
Come on.
- Keep them going, Saidi.
- Yes, bwana.
- What's the trouble, Saidi?
- Too hard, bwana.
Let them stay where they are and pass the loads to the man ahead.
Yes, bwana.
- I hope we've got the worst behind us.
- We have.
Saidi, send the men for cover!
That's Tarzan!
He's calling them off.
Come along.
No use in starting a riot, Martin.
Kill one, and we'll have to kill all.
Am I glad to see you!
You got here just in time.
That's it, Harry.
I told you I'd come back.
- Come back?
- How's Jane?
Man.
Yes, Tarzan.
This is Martin, my friend.
Martin my friend.
You don't know how glad I am to see you, old fellow.
Harry, Martin, my friend...
- Tarzan.
- That's right.
But where is Jane?
Where is she?
How is she?
How are you?
Very well.
Thank you.
- Has anything happened to her?
- Much man.
Yes, Tarzan, that's our safari.
But...
There she is now.
Cheetah!
Cheetah baby.
Harry, I'm so glad you came.
Jane, I was so worried about you.
- When I saw Tarzan alone...
- You're not wounded?
- No.
- I was frightened.
- We came as fast as we could.
- You knew we were coming?
Tarzan heard there was a battle, and I thought it must be you.
- He was coming to help you.
- Martin my friend.
Jane, this is Martin Arlington, my partner.
I thought you were a myth, and I'm still not sure.
I think I can understand that.
I hope this means I'm accepted in polite society.
- Yes, you're one of our set now.
- Did you think I was never coming back?
I knew you'd be back.
But, you know, it's been a year!
It's been a long year, too.
There were times I thought we'd never make it.
- Tarzan will guide you the rest of the way.
- He will?
- I promised Harry.
- That's perfect.
Jane, I want to talk to you for hours.
But some of my men are hurt.
I should take care of them first.
- Is there any water here?
- Yes, there's a stream over there.
- He says he'll help you with your men.
- That's fine.
Come along.
You know... even if there wasn't any ivory, I'd be glad I made the trek now.
You'll be much gladder when you see how much ivory there is.
Well, I can't say I don't care about a fortune.
You're hurt.
- It's nothing, a Gaboni arrow.
- They're poisonous.
- Careful, Tarzan, it's hot.
- Hot?
Yes, it's coffee.
I don't think you'll like it, darling.
- Like it?
- You never drink anything hot?
- Never.
- Don't you miss it, Jane, things like this?
I must say, it is rather nice to have a cup of coffee for a change.
Yes, Tarzan.
- Where is he going?
- To build a house.
- Build a house?
- It doesn't take Tarzan long.
We have a mansion in every glade.
You can't spend the rest of your life camping out.
- Don't you ever want to come back?
- No, Harry.
Wouldn't it be nice to live where there's a lot of other men around?
Just to remind the number one boy that there's a number two?
And possibly a number three.
But on the other hand... there are no other women here to make a fool of my number one boy.
- Yes, I've noticed the scarcity of women.
- That's not very flattering to me.
Meeting you is what made me conscious of it.
Like a hungry man outside a restaurant window.
- Don't you miss the fun you used to have?
- I have fun.
Those June nights in England, Murray's Club at Maidenhead.
- Moonlight on the Thames?
- Dance.
A glass of champagne... sitting with real people and listening to the music.
Real people.
I wonder.
Well, at least the men are civilized.
- Does that make them any better?
- For women.
Men never get a proper sense of values until they've been about a bit.
Look at Cheetah.
There's your civilization for you.
Come on, where's your vanity?
Wouldn't you like to get all dressed up again?
Not that I have any complaints on that score.
Why, I had this specially designed for me.
You haven't completely lost your interest in clothes?
- What woman ever does?
- No smart one.
Good.
Come along.
Why, Harry?
What is it?
- Harry's got a surprise for you.
- Surprise?
You wait and see.
They're lovely!
- I'm glad you like them.
- Like them?
Harry, they're gorgeous!
- You are a darling!
- Give me a little credit.
I shopped all over Paris to get them for you.
Look at this little thing.
It isn't much bigger than a postage stamp, is it?
But it's smart.
You look like the Jane Parker I used to know.
Makes me feel like her.
- Not much good for climbing trees.
- Not much.
These are rather sheer, I think.
Give them to me.
There's no jungle flower with a perfume like this.
Eyebrow pencil, lipstick...
Indelible.
Doesn't come off when you're kissed.
I brought all the allurements.
For two bachelors, you seem to know a great deal about what women wear.
I've done my share of shopping.
Lovely.
Well, now I'd better find a dress.
This one is the same color... as the one you wore that night at the dance at Mrs. Cutten's.
How sweet of you to remember.
The effect seems to be to promise to show something... that's never quite shown.
- It's lined.
- They're like that now.
- They are?
- Yes, London's gone leg-conscious.
I'm glad you haven't.
I like you just as you are.
How styles have changed, haven't they?
I wouldn't have believed it possible in such a short time.
I probably wouldn't know how to wear this anyway.
- Try it on.
- Yes, we'll clear out of your boudoir.
A gramophone?
Are we going to have music?
These records are four months old, but they'll probably be new to you.
I'm going to try these on.
But I want you to understand...
- it's not going to make any difference.
- Difference?
- You want me to go back.
- You must go back.
- Why?
- You can't stay here.
Supposing anything happened to him.
You couldn't live.
- I don't think I'd want to.
- That's nonsense.
- Suppose he were to die.
- Why should he?
Anything can happen in this place.
Where would you be then?
Where would he be if I went back?
We'll let him come along, too.
Tarzan over there?
Then he would die.
- Come on.
You're holding up the show.
- Right.
Run along.
I won't be a minute.
Go on.
She's priceless.
A woman who's learned the abandon of a savage... yet she'd be at home in Mayfair.
- She's not interested in Mayfair.
- Nonsense.
She's weakening already, you lucky pup.
- I don't think so.
- You'll get her back.
This is raw nature, old man.
Survival of fittest.
Up here, the fittest means Tarzan, and he wouldn't let her go.
If she wants to go how can he stop her?
Good heavens, Martin, he's...
He's not an animal.
- Please, bwana?
- Yes, Saidi.
Moko bad sick.
Needle bad.
All right.
I'll give him a hypo.
Where is he, Saidi?
Get out of there!
Come on!
- What was that?
- Safari boys, curious about the music.
I love it.
Need any help?
- Do you always help ladies to dress?
- When they're lovely enough.
Voil.
How's that?
Perfect.
And I thought improvement impossible.
You see?
Woman's greatest weapon is man's imagination.
Very becoming, too.
- Where's Harry?
- Sick native.
He'll be away for a few minutes, I hope.
Thank you.
Funny, isn't it?
You're the first woman I ever had to coax into an evening gown.
I imagine that isn't your usual practice.
Well, everything seems to go by opposites here.
- I believe I have this dance, Lady Jane.
- Oh, yes.
I really promised this dance to the Duke of Riverbotham... but as the old fogy isn't here, we'll let him wait.
Thank you.
You know, you're a fascinating little savage.
Forgive me, please.
I forgot myself.
You're so lovely.
- I blame myself as much as you.
- Please don't.
We'll forget about it... if you'll remember that there's only one man that means anything to me.
And that's Tarzan.
- There's nothing in there.
That's music.
- Music?
Music, like the natives make on their tom-toms.
This is a little bit more civilized.
Look.
That's right.
You'll be the talk of the town.
It's thrilling, isn't it?
Music still hath charms to soothe the savage... but I know a greater fascination.
Yes, the jungle does grow on one, doesn't it?
Only very lately on me.
Don't forget, Martin, there are dangers in the jungle, too.
Adds to the fascination.
These are clothes.
Women wear them because they hope men will like them.
That's why I wore these, Tarzan.
I thought you'd like them.
- Like them?
- Those are stockings.
Like them.
Something provocative about the feel of silk.
Always was.
Same curiosity he had about the phonograph.
It's perfume.
I think Tarzan approves.
- No go.
- No, Tarzan.
- Harry, can't you and I have a dance?
- Most assuredly.
No go.
Harry, perhaps it is getting a little late.
I'm sorry.
You're a bad boy.
Good morning.
I love you.
You never forget, do you, Tarzan?
- Never forget I love you.
- Love who?
- Love you.
- Love who?
Love Jane.
Love my...
My wife.
Go on now, lazybones. Go on and get my fruit juice.
So you've been out shopping early?
Or did you spend the night at the club?
Now, you can't get around me like that.
Are you sure there isn't another woman?
Woman.
Man.
That's the way it should be, Tarzan.
I love you.
Happy.
And Harry wants to send you to London... get you all dressed up in tight shoes and an old high collar.
If you wanted to see a tree, you'd have get a little watering can... and sprinkle it to make it grow.
- Then you'd be unhappy.
- Unhappy?
That's a word, Tarzan, I hope you're never going to know the meaning of.
What?
- Swim.
- All right.
Just a minute.
Now, you mustn't grumble, dear.
Swim.
You don't know how lucky you are compared to other husbands.
The poor things have to wait hours every morning...
- for their wives to get dressed.
- Swim.
Darling, I have to put on clothes.
There are other people here and they'd think I was immodest.
I love you.
Good morning, early bird.
Did you get your worm this morning?
That's fine.
Cheetah certainly deserts us when we get near water, doesn't she?
Wait, Tarzan!
Darling, you're very...
Throw that down to me, Cheetah.
Give that to me.
Cheetah, that isn't funny.
Throw it down to me, Cheetah.
Can't you see I've got nothing on.
Give it to me.
That's a good monkey.
Darling, come here.
They're not bad ones, anyway.
- Jane, are you all right?
- Of course.
Why wouldn't I be?
Hello, Harry.
- What is it, Martin?
- Sure we're going right?
Tarzan said a perfectly straight line.
There must be an easier way.
This is like trying to shovel quicksand.
What's the use of a guide if you don't follow him?
I might, if he'd quit yodeling and help us out.
- Saidi, have we been going straight?
- Yes, bwana.
I'm going to try a detour.
Cut off to the left where it's not so thick.
Afraid we'll lose our direction.
Anything's better than this continued hacking.
Come on, swing over, you blighters.
Martin my friend.
While there's clothes, there's hope with a woman.
You're off the track.
We'll be hours cutting our way through in a straight line.
Tarzan has taken care of that.
That's all right, Harry.
Tarzan's called the elephant to clear a trail for you.
That's fine.
Thanks.
Down, Cheetah.
Cheetah will let us know if you have any trouble.
You should reach a clearing when the sun is at the treetops.
About an hour.
That's an excellent idea.
Cheerio.
Going through the jungle is play for them.
Stop it!
They're just playing?
I wonder what they do for exercise.
No, Tarzan!
Don't!
That's no way to treat a lady.
- Fun is fun, but...
- Fun.
Stop it!
Wait till I get my breath.
You're going to carry me from now on.
Now, that wasn't fair.
If you do that again, I'll never speak to you anymore.
How much further is it?
I'm glad that's over.
Jane learn.
Jane learn Tarzan.
Tarzan learn Jane.
Well, I must have graduated today.
Graduated.
They can make camp here.
And I want a nice house with a river view.
It's good to rest here.
Thank you, darling.
Now, lazy, get up.
You've got work to do.
Go on and see what's happened to the safari.
Good Cheetah.
Cheetah, look out!
I'm all right, dear, but Cheetah...
Good Cheetah.
Hello!
A rhino do that?
She got in front of it to save me.
She's gone, Little Cheetah.
And there's nothing you can do, nor I, nor anybody.
There, there, Cheetah.
The hurt will die down.
It has to.
Otherwise none of us could stand life.
Come back!
Tarzan doesn't want you to go there.
I'm only shaken up.
But you, are you all right?
Very well, thank you.
Tarzan, no.
We have to get the safari started.
Come on.
Good morning.
We've been up for hours.
- Would you like some coffee?
- No, thank you.
Jane, tell me.
Could Tarzan really call more elephants?
- A whole herd?
- He won't believe me.
- Yes.
Why?
- We can use them as a pack train.
Carry tons more ivory away.
Of course.
Why, that's a grand idea!
I don't know why I didn't think of it.
Tarzan, we want you to get more elephants.
No, dear.
All the elephants.
Every one.
Yes, dear.
They need the elephants to get the ivory, the tusks.
They load it on the elephants and take it back with them.
- Back?
- Yes.
Mahowoni sleep.
That's why they're going to the burial ground.
To get the ivory.
It will make them rich.
It's no good to us just lying there.
Mahowoni sleep.
I promised them, Tarzan.
Mahowoni sleep.
What does he think we wanted to go there for?
I hadn't thought.
You see, Tarzan has no objectives.
He just goes somewhere because he wants to.
- And then my father's buried there.
- He went with us before.
- You didn't try to take away any ivory.
- Can't you persuade him?
I'll try, Harry.
Are you sure you don't know the way yourself?
No, not without him.
Did he guide you before?
- No, we followed a dying elephant.
- A dying elephant?
Yes, I told you about that.
It's elephant's instinct.
If they feel death coming on, they head for the burial grounds.
- Dying elephant.
- What did he say?
He'll take you back, but he won't go on.
But he's got to understand.
Every penny we've got in the world is tied up in this.
Tarzan knows nothing about money.
That wouldn't mean anything to him.
What's the harm?
They're all dead.
It's as though somebody asked you to rob a graveyard back home.
But these are animals.
They're not humans.
This is different.
Not to him.
I know how you feel... but I think I know how he feels, too.
You're going to let him stop you from keeping your promise?
I had no right to promise for him.
Tarzan is the only law here:
the jungle's and mine.
Won't you let us guide you back?
I'm going on.
I've got too much at stake.
- I'm sorry, Harry.
- But didn't he understand...
If I can't have one guide, I'll have another.
Martin, wait!
Hold up!
Stop it!
Don't, Tarzan!
Put him down.
- Bad Martin my friend.
- You just don't understand, darling.
Tarzan, wait.
- Harry, we're leaving.
- You won't come back with us?
I belong with him.
Goodbye.
I'm here for ivory.
What about you?
I'm with you.
- All right, Saidi.
We'll follow its trail.
- Yes, bwana.
Where's she heading for now?
Straight through the waterfalls.
That's the way we went before.
- Through them?
- Yes.
All right, Saidi.
I was afraid she wouldn't last long enough to get here.
They always do somehow.
God, it's like a city paved with gold!
Let's pack out as soon as we can.
Next trip, we'll bring 1,000 men.
Let's get started.
There's something about this place that seems to get me.
- Elephants' ghosts?
- No.
Jane's father is buried over there.
- Saidi.
- Yes, bwana.
Load up the tusks.
We'll pack right out.
Everyone carries ivory, even the spearmen, understand?
- No exceptions.
- Yes, bwana.
What are these boys doing with boxes?
Boys carry food.
Eat, bwana.
Come on, boys.
What are you doing with that shield and spear, boy?
Everybody carries ivory.
We don't need any spearmen. Come on.
We'll be trampled to death.
- Dead men can't give orders.
- Yes, they can.
Tarzan, wait!
Tarzan, I've got to talk to them first.
You must wait.
- Wait?
- You must.
Won't you give up this idea?
You're my people.
I don't want to see you buried here with my father.
- Perhaps, after all, we are wrong.
- What?
The elephants are Tarzan's friends.
I realize we're violating something he holds sacred.
That's generous of you.
- Tarzan will guide us back now, won't he?
- Yes.
They won't take the ivory.
They understand.
Yes, of course.
Perhaps we can stay here for tonight.
The boys are dog-tired...
- and there's no hurry now.
- Of course.
I suppose it's safe enough with these elephants here... but the boys will be uneasy.
Tarzan will send them back.
Tomorrow, when the sun is there, we'll start back.
- Saidi, have the boys start a fire.
- Yes, bwana.
Lantern, Saidi.
Thank you.
Her father's grave.
This was my father's.
I want you to wear it always.
Always.
Good morning.
I love you.
Always.
Yes, darling, always.
Hurry back to me, Tarzan.
Back?
Not a trace.
We've beaten every inch of the riverbank for miles.
He can't be gone.
Jane, you must face facts.
They're cruel, but you must.
Why, he's fought a hundred crocodiles.
He didn't see it.
I shouted.
He turned, but there was nothing he could do.
- He might have got away.
- Jane, you've got to look after yourself.
- Did you find any...
- Sorry.
But there must be some traces.
Even if he were...
He said, "Always."
Wait.
Take me away.
- You're dead-tired, aren't you, Jane?
- I'm all right.
We could make a litter and have some of the boys carry you.
The walking helps.
You're very brave.
No.
If I were, I should be back there.
With Tarzan's memory.
Answer me honestly, Jane.
Would you feel better if we didn't take the ivory?
If we carried it back?
Martin, that's sweet of you... but nothing matters anymore.
Supposing she had said, "Take it back."
Strange about that croc.
I never would have believed that Tarzan could have been caught off guard... if you hadn't told me.
I thought you'd gone.
Well, she didn't desert you after all.
- In the jungle, fidelity goes to the living.
- Everywhere.
There, there, Cheetah.
That's all right.
You can go with me.
What is it?
Better tie a rope on her so she won't run off again.
What is it, Cheetah?
She's trying to tell me something.
Perhaps you should leave her here in freedom.
They die in captivity.
Tarzan's alive.
What?
He's alive.
Tarzan's alive.
- I wish he were, but...
- But he is.
- She wants to take me to him.
- It's impossible.
- Do you believe this, Jane?
- I know it.
- Harry, I've got to go to him.
- Then we'll go with you.
Saidi, halt them.
Jane, you're chasing a shadow.
- He's alive, somewhere.
- We'll follow Cheetah.
Juju drums.
Where?
Behind and over there.
- Juju, bwana.
- What tribe?
New country, bwana.
No tell.
All right.
Get them started.
Straight ahead.
But Harry, we've got to get through to Tarzan.
That way.
It's blocked.
We'll save ourselves first.
Cheetah can show us the way after.
Come back here, you!
Pick up that ivory.
Pick it up.
- Ivory doesn't count now.
- I'm holding on.
If we could get to those rocks, we could hold them off.
We might rush them.
The moment we raise a gun, they'll be on us.
They've never seen a gun.
We can get past.
All right, we'll try it.
Saidi, tell the boys to bring the ammunition boxes up.
Saidi, pass the word that when we fire, everyone runs for the rocks.
Ready, Martin?
Now!
Get the ammunition box.
I wish we had that box of ammunition.
- Cover me.
- Wait a minute.
- You're a better shot than I am.
- Yes, I know.
I'm a faster runner, too.
Don't waste your ammunition.
We can't kill them all.
Cheetah, come back!
Deserting us?
No, she isn't.
She's going to get Tarzan.
Go on, Cheetah!
She'll make it.
Cheetah, go on!
I know who they are.
Tarzan calls them "the men that eat lions."
Eat lions?
They roar to call the lions, then they spear them.
This time they're going to let the lions do the hunting.
They're staking Saidi out.
- Come back, you can't save him.
- Harry, come back!
Stand guard on the ledge.
I've always thought when you were faced with death, nothing would matter.
What does?
You.
Always gone.
No, dear.
Always is just beginning for you and me.
Ladies and gentlemen..
with your kind attention and permission..
I have the honor of presenting to you..
one of the most remarkable men in the world.
- How remarkable?
- He's sweating.
Can you be surprised at that, gentlemen?
Every day he commits to memory 50 new facts..
and remembers every one of them.
Facts from history, from geography, from newspapers..
from scientific books, millions and millions of them.
Think of the strain involved by his prodigious feat.
His feet ain't half as big as yours, cully.
I'm referring to his feats of memory.
Test him, please.
Ladies and gentlemen, ask him your questions..
and he will answer you, fully and freely.
Mr. Memory.
I also add, ladies and gentlemen, before retiring..
that Mr. Memory has left his brain to the British Museum.
Hurray!
A question, please.
Ladies first.
Where's my old man been since last Saturday?
- On the booze!
- ln quod!
Out with his bit!
A serious question, please.
What won the Derby in 1921?
Mr. Jack Jool's Humorist with Steve Donoghue up.
Won by a length at odds 6 to 1.
Second and third:
Craig-an-Eran and Lemonora.
- Am I right, sir?
- Right.
What won in 1936?
Come back in 1937, and I'll tell you.
How far is Winnipeg from Montreal?
What won the Cup in 1926?
- Cup?
Waterloo, football or tea.
- Football, silly.
- When did Chelsea win it?
- 63 B.C. in the presence of Nero.
- What causes pip in poultry?
- Don't make yourself so common.
Our fowls have it, haven't they?
How many races did Mick the Miller win?
How old is Mae West?
When was Crippen hanged?
Who was the last British heavyweight champion of the world?
- Henry V III !
- My old woman!
Bob Fitzsimmons.
He defeated Jim Corbett..
heavyweight champion of America at Carson City, Nevada..
in October, 1897.
He was 34 years of age.
Am I right, sir?
How old is Mae West?
I know, sir, but I never tell a lady's age.
Next, please.
What causes pip in poultry?
- How far is Winnipeg from Montreal?
- Miss Winnie Who, sir?
How far is Winnipeg from Montreal?
A gentleman from Canada.
You're welcome, sir.
Winnipeg, the third city of Canada and the capital of Manitoba.
Distance from Montreal:
1,424 miles.
- Am I right?
- Quite right.
How old's Mae West?
How old's Mae West?
Hey, you!
How old's Mae West?
Gentlemen!
Please, you're not at home!
Hey, you!
What causes pip in-- causes pip in po-- po--
Hey, come on!
For God's sake, play something!
Stop them from running!
Here we are.
May I come home with you?
What's the idea?
I'd like to.
It's your funeral.
Come on, there's a bus.
- You don't stay here always?
- No, I've taken a furnished flat.
I'm only here from Canada for a few months.
By the way, am I allowed to know your name?
- Smith.
- All right.
Do you want to know more about me?
What do you think I do for a living?
- Actress?
- Not in the way you mean.
- Chorus?
- No.
- l'm sorry.
- l'm a freelance.
- Out for adventure, eh?
- That's right.
This way.
My sitting room is all upset.
I haven't decorated.
I'll find the switch.
Not yet.
Now.
Mr. Hannay, would you be kind and turn that mirror to the wall?
You'd be happier if there were curtains over those windows.
- Yes.
- l'm sorry.
There's the telephone.
Just a minute.
- Don't answer the telephone.
- Why not?
Because I think it's for me.
Please don't answer.
Just as you say.
- Won't you sit down?
- Would you kick that footstool to me?
You needed that.
I did.
Thank you.
- l owe you an explanation.
- Don't bother about me.
- l'm nobody.
- We cannot talk here.
All right.
Just a minute.
- Okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- Cigarette?
- No, thank you.
- There's our friend again.
- Take no notice.
Would you think me very troublesome if I asked for something to eat?
- l've had nothing all day.
- Sure.
- You like haddock?
- Yes, please.
I suppose your name isn't really Smith.
It depends on where l am.
- You may call me Annabella.
- Annabella Smith.
A clergyman's daughter, I presume.
Hello.
Nervy?
Upset by those shots tonight?
I fired those shots.
- You what?
- Yes, to create a diversion.
I had to get away from that theater quickly.
There were two men there who wanted to kill me.
You should be more careful in choosing your gentlemen friends.
- You don't understand.
- You don't make it easy for me.
Beautiful, mysterious woman pursued by gunmen.
Sounds like a spy story.
That's exactly what it is.
- Only I prefer the word agent better.
- "Agent"?
- For what country?
- Any country that pays me.
- What is your country?
- l have no country.
Born in a balloon?
We'll let that go.
I suppose you've come here..
to dig up some great big state secret.
I am here to save a secret from being divulged.
A very important secret for this country.
Not because I love England, but because it will pay me better.
- Thank you.
- The very brilliant agent..
of a certain foreign power..
is on the point of obtaining a secret vital to your air defense.
I tracked two of his men to that music hall.
Unfortunately, they recognized me.
- That's why they're after me now.
- That was too bad.
You ever heard of a thing called "persecution mania"?
- You don't believe me?
- Frankly, I don't.
Go and look down into the street then.
You win.
- Are they there?
- Yes.
I'd hoped I'd shaken them off.
I'm going to tell you something which is not very healthy to know.
But now that they have followed me here..
you are in it as much as I am.
How do you mean?
- Have you ever heard of the 39 Steps?
- No.
What's that, a pub?
Never mind.
But what you were laughing at is true.
These men will stop at nothing.
I'm the only person who can stop them.
If they are not stopped, it's only a matter of days, perhaps hours..
- before the secret is out.
- Why don't you phone the police?
Because they wouldn't believe me any more than you did.
If they did, how long do you think it would take to get them going?
These men act quickly.
You don't know how clever their chief is.
- Clever and ruthless.
- Who is he?
What's his name?
He has a dozen names and he can look like a hundred people.
But one thing he cannot disguise:
this.
Part of his little finger is missing.
If ever you should meet a man with no top joint there..
- be very careful, my friend.
- Thanks. I'll make a note of it.
Meanwhile, what are you going to do?
First, I'll eat my haddock..
then, if you are not going to turn me out onto the street..
- have a good night's rest.
- You're welcome to my bed.
I'll get a shakedown on the couch.
Anything else I can get you?
- A map of Scotland.
- Why Scotland?
There's a man in Scotland whom I must visit next if anything is to be done.
Are the 39 Steps in Scotland, by any chance?
Perhaps I'll tell you tomorrow.
Clear out, Hannay.
They'll get you next.
What you were laughing at just now is true.
These men will stop at nothing.
There's a man in Scotland..
whom I must visit next if anything is to be done.
It is only a matter of days, perhaps hours..
before the secret is out of the country.
The police will not believe me any more than you did.
I tell you, these men act quickly.
Quickly.
Quickly.
Good morning, sir. You're up bright and early this morning.
Could you use a pound note, brother?
- What's the catch?
- l want to borrow your cap and coat.
- What's all this?
What's the big idea?
- l want to make a getaway.
- To a bunk?
- Yes.
- What have you been up to?
- l'll have to trust you.
There's been a murder up on the first floor.
- By you?
- No, by those two men out there.
I see. I suppose they're waiting there for a copper to come and arrest them.
It's quite true.
They're spies, foreigners.
They've murdered a woman in my flat, and now they're waiting for me.
Come off it.
Funny jokes at 5:00 in the morning.
All right.
I'll tell you the truth.
- Are you married?
- Yes, but don't rub it in.
- What's the idea now?
- l'm not. I'm a bachelor.
A married woman lives on the first floor.
- Does she?
- Yes. I've just been paying her a call.
- Now I want to go home. - What's preventing you?
One of those men is her brother, the other's her husband.
Now do you see?
Why didn't you tell me before?
I only wanted to be told.
Trying to keep me with tales about murders and foreigners.
Here, put this on.
Put on my hat.
There you are.
- Take the pound.
- No, sir, you're welcome to it.
You'd do the same for me one day.
Lead the pony around the corner.
- So long, old sport.
- Good-bye.
Thank you.
Oy! The empties!
Papers, magazines, chocolates, cigarettes.
There he is.
For one thing, they're much prettier than they were 20 years ago.
- More free.
Free and easy.
- You're right there.
I could never understand how people used to put up with the old-fashioned sort.
the old-fashioned sort.
All bones and no bend.
- The old-fashioned did last longer.
- l don't know.
Mine last about a year.
Here, I'll show you.
Big demand for these now.
- The old-fashioned sort.
- Brrr! My wife.
Now look at these.
- Our new Streamline Model Number 1.
- Anything go with it?
I should say so.
This.
Put a pretty girl inside those and she needn't be ashamed of herself.
- Bring it back to me when it's filled.
- l will.
What's this?
Edinburgh, Waverley.
We're getting on.
- Pardon us for talking business, sir.
- Certainly.
- Good day.
- Good day, sir.
Good day.
- Good day.
- Broad-minded old geezer.
Bet he's very good at charades.
- l wonder what won the 2:00 at Windsor.
- l don't know.
Let's get a paper.
- Paper.
- Say, son, speak the English?
Dispatch.
- Hello.
- What won it?
There's been another woman murdered in a West End flat.
- What?
- "Woman murdered in West End flat."
These sex dramas don't appeal to me.
What won?
- Bachelor Bud.
Seven to four odds.
- Good.
Not so good.
Portland Mansions, Portland Place.
By the BBC.
That's a nice, quiet place to put someone to sleep.
- "Good night, everybody."
- That's a good one.
What was she like?
One of the usual?
"A well-dressed woman of about 35 with a knife in her back.
The tenant, Richard Hannay, is missing."
You surprise me.
"At 7:00 this morning, the charwoman, Elizabeth Briggs--"
If that isn't the blasted limit.
- What's the matter now?
- ls there no honesty in this world?
I ask you. "The new Bodyline rubber panty corset.
On sale today.
McCutcheon Brothers, Princess Street.
Price: 17 and 9.
Brassiere to match:
4 and 11." You get that?
The Body line.
One and three cheaper than our Streamline.
No use going to Aberdeen now.
- Might I have a look at your paper?
- Certainly.
- Thank you.
- Quite all right.
There's enough evidence there to hang any man.
What can I do for you, sir?
Can you tell me what station the train stops at next?
Do you think I'm a railway porter?
Go find out for yourself.
- l can tell a better one than that.
- You couldn't.
That was very funny.
You liked it?
Have you heard the one about the young lady of Bulgar?
- l can't remember them all.
- You must hear that.
- There was a young lady of Bulgar.
- Yes, we--
- Taking tea, sir?
- Yes.
Thank you.
Darling, how lovely to see you!
Young man having a free meal in there.
I was desperate.
I'm terribly sorry. I had to do it.
My name's Hannay.
They're after me.
I swear I'm innocent.
You've got to help me. I've got to keep free for the next few days.
Have you seen a man pass in the last few minutes?
This is the man you want, I think.
- But when we passed just now--
- He told me his name was Hannay.
- ls your name Hannay?
- Are you coming into tea, sir?
I'll be right along.
Pull that cord!
Stay away.
Go on, men.
Go down there.
Get on with it.
Heel!
Why did you pull the communication cord?
- To stop the train, you old fool.
- lt's against all the regulations..
- to stop the train on the bridge.
- A man jumped out.
He's a murderer.
We've got to take him.
- Which way did he go?
- He must have jumped off here.
- l can't see him.
- Are you sure he jumped?
- l cannot wait here any longer!
- There he is, getting on the train.
- No, that's a passenger.
- lt's him, I tell you!
Come on, then.
- Hannay escapes!
Paper!
- Hannay escapes!
Paper!
Extra special!
Hannay escapes from police!
Paper!
Extra, extra!
Paper!
Correct.
Height: about five foot ten.
Small moustache.
Last seen wearing a dark suit..
but he may have obtained a change of clothing.
- Good day.
- And to you.
-What'll your business be?
-l'm a motor mechanic looking for a job.
- You'll find no work here.
- Are there no big houses around here?
Only Sir Andrews.
He won't be wanting you.
He's had the same chauffeur for 40 years.
I didn't know there had been cars that long.
He was coachman besides when he was a boy.
I see.
What's that?
That's the manse.
But the minister has no motorcar.
Are there no newcomers?
Aye.
There's an Englishman, a professor.
- A professor?
- He lives in Alt-na-Shellach.
- Where?
- On the other side of the loch.
- Would that be near that village?
- lt would.
Thanks. I'll try there.
- You won't try tonight. lt's 14 miles.
- Could I get a lift in that van?
No, it's going the other way.
I guess you're right.
Could you put me up for the night?
- Free?
- No, I'll pay.
- All right.
Can you eat herring?
- l could eat a half dozen right now.
- Can you sleep in a box bed?
- l can try.
- Two and six.
- Take it now.
Thank you.
Go in with the gentleman.
He'll stay with us till tomorrow morning.
- Your daughter?
- My wife.
- Will you now come in?
- Thank you.
Here's your bed.
I'll lift these things.
- Could you sleep there?
- You try and stop me.
You'll be tired.
I'll say I am.
I'm on the tramp, looking for a job.
Won't you sit down while I go on with our supper?
Thank you.
- Have you been in these parts long?
- No, I'm from Glasgow.
- Did you ever see it?
- No.
You should see Sauchiohall Street with all its fine shops..
and Argyll Street on a Saturday night..
with the trams and the lights..
and the cinema palaces and their crowds.
And it's Saturday night tonight.
You certainly don't get those things out here.
No.
You miss them?
Sometimes.
I've never been to Glasgow, but I've been to Edinburgh..
and Montreal and London.
I'll tell you all about London at supper.
- John wouldn't approve of that.
- Why not?
He says it's best not to think of such places and the wickedness there.
Why not listen now before he comes back?
What do you want to know?
is it true that all the ladies paint their toenails?
Some of them.
- Do London ladies look beautiful?
- They do.
But they wouldn't if you were beside them.
- You ought not say that.
- What ought he not to say?
I was saying I prefer living in town than the country.
God made the country.
- ls the supper ready, woman?
- Aye.
- Do you mind if I look at your paper?
- l don't mind.
Thank you.
- You did not tell me your name.
- Hammond.
Well, Mr. Hammond, if you'll put down that paper, I'll say a blessing.
Of course.
Sanctify these bounteous masses to us miserable sinners.
O Lord, make us truly thankful..
for them and for all Thy manifold blessings.
Continually turn our hearts..
from wickedness..
and from worldly things..
unto Thee.
Amen.
I forgot to lock the barn.
There are cars coming. lt'll be the police.
You best be going.
- Thank you. I was having a grand sleep.
- Don't let them catch you.
All right. I'll never forget you for doing this for me.
- Which way do I go?
- l'll show you.
Aye. I might have known.
Making love behind my back.
- Get out.
You too.
- Just a minute--
- Get out of my house before l--
- Aye. Go.
- And leave you like this?
- lt's your chance at liberty.
You don't understand.
You're all wrong about this.
She was only trying to help me.
Aye, to bring shame and disgrace upon my house.
She was helping me to escape from the police.
- The police?
- Yes, they're after me for murder.
- What?
- They're here.
She was only warning me.
I had to tell her last night.
Don't let them in.
Say I'm not here.
I'll make it worth your while.
- How much?
- Five pounds.
Have you got that much?
Give it to me.
After they've gone.
Get back into bed.
Shut him in.
Hide him.
- Not there. I do not trust him.
- But he took the money.
He could not resist it.
Here.
Have you seen a stranger about here?
What kind of a stranger?
I was right.
He's asking if there's a reward if you get catched.
He'll argue about it for a moment longer before he lets them in.
Now's your time.
Your jacket's terrible light-colored.
I'm a-feared they'll see you.
- You best take this one.
- ls this your husband's coat?
His son's, but never mind.
They must not see you.
- What will happen to you?
- l'll say I couldn't stop you.
- He'll not ill treat you?
- He'll pray at me, but no more.
- What's your name?
- Margaret.
Good-bye, Margaret.
I'll never forget you for this.
There he goes!
Spread out in a line.
- ls the master in?
- What name should I say, sir?
He wouldn't know my name.
Ask if he knows Miss Annabella Smith.
- Would you wait here while I inquire?
- Yes. Go on.
We'd better make inquiries here.
Somebody may have seen him through the windows.
- There's been a couple motorcars here.
- Aye.
Murderers do not make calls in motorcars.
- Good day, dear.
- The same to you.
Have you seen any strangers this morning?
There's a few callers upstairs now, but they're not strangers.
You haven't seen any suspicious-looking bodies outside the windows..
- or calling at the house?
- No, sir.
There hasn't been anybody near here for the last half hour.
- You're from Annabella Smith?
- Yes.
We're just having a few drinks to celebrate my daughter's birthday.
Give me five minutes, then we can talk.
- Of course.
- Come meet my wife.
Louisa, my dear.
I've another guest for you.
This is Mr.- l forgot to ask your name.
- Hammond.
He's come to see me on business, all the way from London.
There's a police inspector at the door.
He wants to speak to you.
At the door?
All right.
I'll deal with it.
- Take him in, my dear.
- Come and meet my daughters.
- This is Patricia.
- How do you do?
Mrs. Bailey.
Mrs. Hutchins.
Hilary, my dear, this is Mr. Hammond.
- He just arrived from London.
- How do you do?
Forgive the orgy.
We've been to church and the sermon lasted 45 minutes.
- This is Captain and Mrs. Ogilvey.
- How do you do?
- Have a drink?
- Thank you.
This is Derek Stewart.
And this is Sheriff Watson.
You've got to be polite to him.
He's our Sheriff Substitute.
Scotch for a local beak.
He'll give you six months hard as soon as look at you.
It's all right.
Don't worry.
I've sent them away.
Come and look at the view from this window.
We're rather proud of it.
- When will you catch that murderer?
- What murderer?
The man that stuck a carving knife into that woman last week.
- He's here in the district.
- How exciting.
Where?
Somewhere about.
He's been on the moors.
Sheriff Ames, why don't you catch him?
You wouldn't like me to be stuck in the back with a carving knife.
It's no business of mine to catch him.
You catch him, and I'll convict him.
- ls there a reward?
- lt's nearly 1 :00.
We must leave.
- The professor wants his lunch.
- There's no hurry, my dear.
Still, if you must go-- Pat, ring for Captain Ogilvey's car.
Yes, sir.
Are you coming out?
Come show us your new car.
- Come again another time.
- Good-bye.
We'd love to.
Whenever you catch him, you'll find me at the Sherif Court every morning.
- Bring him along.
- Good-bye.
Louisa, if you'll excuse us..
Mr. Hammond and I want to have a chat before lunch.
Now, Mr. Hannay-- l suppose it's safe to call you by your real name now.
What about our mutual friend, Annabella?
- She's been murdered.
- "Murdered"?
The Portland Mansions affair.
Why our friends outside are looking for you.
- l didn't do it.
- Of course you didn't.
But why come all this way to Scotland to tell me?
I believe she was coming to see you about some Air Ministry secret.
She was killed by a foreign agent who was interested too.
- Did she tell you what he looked like?
- There wasn't time.
One thing:
Part of his little finger was missing.
- Which one?
- This one, I think.
Sure it wasn't this one?
- Lunch is ready, dear.
- l'm coming right away.
I've been guilty of leading you down the garden path.
Or should it be up?
I never can remember.
It seems to be the wrong garden, all right.
Well.
- What are we going to do?
- That's just the point.
What are we going to do about it?
I live here as a respectable citizen.
You must realize that my whole existence would be jeopardized..
if it became known that I'm not what I seem.
Mr. Hannay, why have you come here?
Why have you forced me into this difficult position?
I can't lock you up in a room or anything like that.
There's my wife and daughters to think of.
I don't know what to think.
Really, I don't.
Making it doubly important that I shouldn't let you go is..
I'm about to convey some very vital information out of the country.
Yes, I've got it.
Poor Annabella would have been too late.
- That's fair.
- Yes.
What about it?
- What about what?
- Yourself.
- lt seems there's only one way out.
- What's that?
Supposing I left you alone with this revolver?
Tomorrow's newspapers would announce that the Portland Place murderer..
- had taken his own life.
- l thought you were coming directly.
We've all been waiting.
- Will Mr. Hammond be staying?
- l don't think so, dear.
Well, what do you think, Mr. Hannay?
I'm afraid you leave me no alternative.
I cannot find my hymn book.
- Where did you leave it?
- ln the breast pocket of my overcoat.
It was hanging here.
I'm afraid I gave it to that gentleman who was staying here that night.
Cigarette cases, yes, but I've never seen it happen to a hymn book before.
And this bullet stuck among the hymns, eh?
I'm not surprised.
Some of those hymns are terrible hard to get through.
I've stuck in them myself before now.
I'm not complaining, Sheriff.
"Hymns that have helped me."
That's a good one!
That's fine.
And to think I was drinking his champagne only half an hour before.
It's a lesson to us all: not to mix with doubtful company on the Sabbath.
And how did you escape?
If you look through the window, you'll see.
They put the body in the dressing room.
When I came to, I borrowed this suit and pinched his car.
I don't want to hurry you, but shouldn't we take steps?
This is serious.
Otherwise, I wouldn't put myself in your hands..
- with a murder charge hanging over me.
- Never heed the murder.
You'll be able to convince Scotland Yard of your innocence..
as easily as you've convinced me.
I'll need a short statement I can forward to the proper authority.
I have someone coming from the police station to take it down.
Thank you.
- Are you wishing to see me?
- indeed, I am.
Do you think I enjoy playing for time with a murderer?
- "Murderer"?
- Certainly.
You're under arrest on the charge of willful murder..
of a woman unknown in Portland Mansions, London on Tuesday last.
- Take him over to the county jail.
- Every word of my story is true.
We are not so daft in Scotland as some smart Londoners may think.
Do you think I believed your cock-and-bull story about the professor?
He's my best friend in the district.
Get me Professor Jordan.
If the professor didn't shoot me, where did that bullet come from?
That's easy.
From one of your pursuers on the moor.
- lsn't that so, Inspector?
- l had a shot at him myself.
I demand you allow me to telephone the High Commissioner for Canada in London.
You better do that from London.
You'll be there soon enough.
It'll save you the cost of a trunk call.
That's the professor's car.
Hannay must be inside spilling the beans.
- Stop him!
- My God!
How do you do?
We're all waiting for you.
Pamela's gone to meet you at the station.
This way.
Leader and standard-bearer himself.
I welcome this opportunity of discussing with you..
another question vital to the import of our country..
at this critical and momentous hour.
But first of all, as a preliminary to this..
- l shall occupy your time--
- You've occupied too much time already!
We've had enough of you!
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm now going to call upon the speaker of the evening.
- Speak up!
- There's no need to say who he is..
or to speak of his brilliant record as a soldier and a statesman.
He's a son of Scotland who has crossed the border and conquered England.
He is now one of the foremost figures..
in the diplomatic political world in the great city of London.
I'm, therefore, going to ask him to tell you something- lt's about time too.
- How important it is..
to this constituency that at this crucial by-election..
our candidate should be returned by an adequate majority.
I now ask for Captain Fraser.
Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize for my hesitation in rising just now..
but I'd entirely failed while listening..
to the chairman's flattering description of the next speaker..
to realize he was talking about me.
As for you, may I say from the bottom of my heart..
and with the utmost sincerity..
how delighted and relieved I am to find myself..
in your presence at this moment.
Delighted because of your friendly reception..
relieved because so long as I stand on this platform..
I am delivered from the cares and anxieties..
which must always be the lot of a man in my position.
When I journeyed up to Scotland a few days ago..
traveling on the Highland Express over that magnificent Forth Bridge..
that monument to Scottish engineering and Scottish muscle--
That is to say, on that journey I had no idea that in a few days time..
I should find myself addressing an important political meeting.
I had planned a very different program for myself.
A very different program.
You'd be for the moors to shoot something.
Or somebody.
I'm a rotten shot.
Anyhow, I little thought I should be speaking tonight..
in support of that brilliant, young statesman.
That rising--
The gentleman on my right..
already known among you as one destined to make..
no uncertain mark in politics.
In other words, your future member of Parliament..
your candidate, Mr--
McCrocodile.
He doesn't know the candidate's name.
I know your candidate will forgive my referring to him..
by the friendly nickname by which he's already known..
in anticipation, mark you..
at Westminster.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, we'll discuss some topic.
What shall it be?
- The herring fisheries!
- Unemployment!
- What about the idle rich?
- That's an old-fashioned topic..
especially for me because I'm not rich and I've never been idle.
I've been pretty busy all my life, and I expect to be much busier soon.
Have you ever worked with your hands?
Indeed I have. I've known what it is to feel lonely and helpless..
and have the whole world against me.
Those are things that no man or woman ought to feel.
I ask your candidate..
and all those who love their fellowmen..
to set themselves resolutely to make this world a happier place to live in.
A world where no nation plots against nation..
where no neighbor plots against neighbor..
where there is no persecution or hunting down..
where everybody gets a square deal and a sporting chance..
and where people try to help and not to hinder.
A world from which suspicion and cruelty..
and fear have been forever banished.
That is the sort of world I want!
is that the sort of world you want?
Fine!
That's all I have to say.
Good night!
- l kept them going as long as I could.
- You're a difficult man to follow.
I suppose you think you've been damn clever.
- Tell your prisoner not to insult me.
- Try and stop me.
- Come along with me.
- l was speaking the truth.
You must have seen I was genuine.
Whether you believe me or not, will you put a telephone call through..
to High Commissioner for Canada in London?
- Tell him an important secret--
- That will do now.
An important secret is being taken out of this country by a foreign agent.
I can't do anything myself because of this fool of a detective.
- Has that penetrated?
- Right to the funny bone.
- Now tell me another one.
- Haven't you any sense at all?
Put that call through!
I beg of you!
Refer them to me.
- Will you do this?
- No.
Good night.
I beg pardon, miss, but we should like you to come too.
- Whatever for?
- To identify the prisoner formally.
- Will you come to the police station?
- What?
- lt's only for a few minutes.
- lf it's necessary, let's get it over.
Now you.
- Must I sit next to this man?
- lt's only for a short time.
Be as quick as you can.
All right.
Isn't that the police station?
We're running past it.
- Tell the man.
- You must have misunderstood me.
We're not exactly going to this police station.
- Where are we going?
- To lnverary.
- Inverary?
- Yes, miss.
This man is to be questioned by the Sheriff Principal.
- We have orders to take him there.
- You have no orders to take me.
No, miss, but I'm afraid you must go.
I'll see you're sent back as early as possible.
- How far is it to Inverary?
- Forty miles.
- Keep quiet.
- Sorry.
- We'll be there in less than two hours.
- l'm spending half the night with you?
It looks like it.
Isn't the man going the wrong way?
Surely that's the way to Inverary.
There's a bridge fallen down on that road.
We shall have to go around.
The man knows the way.
- Might I see your warrant?
- Shut your mouth.
You'll see it soon.
Would you like to have a small bet with me, Pamela?
All right, I'll have it with you, Sherlock.
I'll lay you 100 to 1 that your Sheriff Principal..
has the top joint of his little finger missing.
What about it?
I win.
What are we stopping for?
It's a whole flock of detectives.
They're all over the road.
Get out and clear them away.
- What about him?
- l'll soon fix that.
There, miss. Now you're a Special Constable.
- What's the idea?
- As long as you stay, he stays.
Yes, and as long as I go, you go.
Come on.
Stop them!
They got away!
- Come on.
- l won't!
Won't you?
- You're hurting me.
- Shut up.
See if they've gone down that way.
Where could they have gone?
Help!
Let me go!
One yip out of you, and I'll shoot you first and myself after.
There's nobody down here, I tell you.
Come up here, blast you, and don't waste any more time.
Spread out and find them.
They must be a mile away by now.
Don't do that.
Do stop whistling.
You can't possibly escape.
What chance have you got tied to me?
That question's for your husband. I'll admit you're the white man's burden.
I know, and I can't tell you what comfort that thought gives me.
What's the use of this?
Those policemen will get you as soon as it's dayligh as soon as it's daylight.
They may get me, but they're not policemen.
- When did you find that out?
- You found that out yourself.
I should never have known that was the wrong road to Inverary.
They were taking us to their boss, and God help us if they ever catch us again.
I see.
You're still sticking to your penny novelette spy story.
Oh!
There are 20 million women in this island, and I'm chained to you.
Listen, once more.
I'm telling you the truth.
I told you once in the train. I tried to tell you after the election meeting.
I'm telling you now for the third time.
There's a conspiracy against this island and we're the only ones who can stop it.
only ones who can stop it.
Think what you've seen happen right under your very nose.
The gallant knight to the rescue.
All right, then I'm just a plain, common murderer..
who stabbed an innocent, defenseless woman in the back not four days ago.
How do you come out over that?
I don't know how innocent you may be..
but you're a woman, you're defenseless, and you're alone..
on a desolate moor in the dark, manacled to a murderer..
who'd stop at nothing to get you off his hands.
If that's the situation you prefer, have it, my lovely, and welcome.
I'm not afraid of--
For all you know, I may murder a woman a week.
So listen to a bit of advice.
Do every single thing I tell you to do, and do it quick.
You big bully.
I like your pluck.
Come on.
- We're going in there.
- What for?
That's my business.
Remember what I said: the civil tongue or else.
We're going in there, and you'll back me up on everything I say or do.
- Has that penetrated the ivory dome?
- Only just.
Pull yourself together.
Put your hand in my pocket and look in a hurry.
Come along.
Come in.
The young lady's terrible wet.
We had an accident with our car a few miles back.
- You'll be staying the night?
- Yes.
We've just the one room left with the one bed in it.
- But you'll not be minding that.
- No, quite the reverse.
- You're man and wife, I suppose?
- Yes.
Uh, yes.
- Have you any luggage?
- We left that behind in the car.
Maybe I could lend the young lady a nightgown.
Will you please to register?
James, the book.
- Aye.
- l'll light the fire for you.
- Will you be needing supper?
- No, thank you.
Just a whiskey and soda and a few sandwiches.
- And a glass of milk.
- Very well, sir.
Can't write with my left hand, but I can shoot with it.
You can guess what's in this pocket.
You sign, darling.
The sooner you get used to your new name, the better.
Off we go. "Mr. and Mrs. Henry Hopkinson, The Hollyhocks, Hammersmith."
I'll be back in a minute, chaps.
Off with that wet skirt and I'll have it dried in the kitchen.
Don't bother. lt'll dry in front of the fire just as well.
Thanks all the same.
No doubt the gentleman will take care of you.
Good night, sir. Good night, ma'am.
Good night.
Good night.
- ls he married to her, do you think?
- l do not care.
They are so terrible in love with each other.
I'm going to tell them the whole story.
You want to hang me for a murder I never committed?
As long as they hang you, I don't care whether you committed it or not.
Let me go!
Do you think I'm going to spend the night with you?
- Of course.
What else can you do?
- Can I come in?
Come here.
Come in.
We were just getting warm before the fire.
I can see that. I thought you'd like this in your bed.
Thank you very much.
You'd like a hot water bottle, wouldn't you?
Say yes, darling.
- Yes, darling.
- Very well.
- Please don't go.
- Why not?
is anything wrong?
Of course there's nothing wrong.
She just wants to tell you something.
- We're a runaway couple.
- l knew it.
They're after you?
You won't give us away, will you?
Please.
Of course we will not give you up.
A good night to you both.
- You'll not be disturbed.
- But--
Thank God for a bite to eat.
Come along.
There you are.
What's the next item on the program?
- Get these things off. - Right.
How will we set about it?
Anything in that bag of yours that will help?
- A pair of scissors or a hairpin?
- Do you think a nail file would help?
Easily. lt'll take about ten years, but we can try it.
Let's make ourselves comfortable.
What about that skirt of yours?
It's still pretty damp.
I don't want to be tied to a pneumonia case on top of everything else.
- Take it off. I don't mind.
- l'll keep it on, thank you.
And that is that.
My shoes and stockings are soaked.
I think I'll take them off.
That's the first sensible thing I've heard you say.
- Can I be of any assistance?
- No, thank you.
Sorry.
- Hold this.
- Yeah.
Half a minute.
- Thank you.
- Don't mention it.
- Do you like your milk now?
- No, thank you. I'll wait a little.
All right.
Cheerio.
That's better.
- Are your feet quite warm again?
- Yes, thanks.
Come on.
Will you kindly place yourself on the operating table?
Nobody's gonna hurt you.
This is Armistice Day.
- Let's get some rest while we can.
- l'm not going to lie on this bed.
So long as you're chained to me, you'll lie wherever I lie.
- We're the Siamese twins.
- Don't gloat.
Do you think I'm looking forward to waking up in the morning..
and seeing your face beside me, unwashed and shiny?
What a sight you'll be.
Give me that nail file.
Let's have a go at this.
Thank you.
There I go again.
I wish I could get that damn tune out of my head.
I wonder where l heard it.
- You sound very sleepy.
- Sleepy?
I'll say so.
Do you know when I last slept in a bed?
Saturday night, whenever that was.
Then I only got a couple of hours.
- What made you wake so soon? Dreams?
- What do you mean "dreams"?
I've always been told murderers have terrible dreams.
But only at the first.
Got over that a long time ago.
When I first took to crime, I was quite squeamish about it.
- l was a most sensitive child.
- You surprise me.
Used to wake screaming, thinking the police were after me.
But one gets hardened.
- How did you start?
- Quite a small way, like most of us.
Pilfering pennies from other children's lockers at school..
then a little pocket picking, then a spot of car pinching..
then smash and grab and so on to plain burglary.
Killed my first man when I was 19.
In years to come, you'll be able to take your grandchildren..
to Madame Tussaud's and point me out.
- Which section?
- lt's early to say. I'm still young.
But I'll be there, all right, in one department or another.
You'll point me out and say, "Chicks, if I were to tell you..
how matey I once was with that gentleman, you'd be--"
- What's the matter?
- This handcuff is pinching my wrist.
Sorry.
Talking of Madame Tussaud's, that's how it all began.
- What began?
- My career of crime.
All hereditary.
Great Uncle Penruddock.
- Who was he?
- My girl, where were you brought up?
Never heard of my Great Uncle Penruddock, the Cornish Bluebeard?
-Got it all from him.
- l thought your family came from Canada.
No, that's where they went after the Penruddock incident.
He murdered three wives and got away with it.
His third mother-in-law got the goods on him and tried to have him arrested.
Did she succeed?
No, he was too quick for her.
Took her for a walk to Land's End and shoved her into the Atlantic Ocean.
He's in Madame Tussaud's.
There's no doubt about his department.
You must go down and see him sometime.
Can't mistake him.
Third on the left as you go in.
Red whiskers and a harelip.
That, lady, is the sad story of my life.
Poor orphan boy who never had a chance.
Are you still set on giving me up to the police?
You're sure everything's going to be all right?
Bound to be.
He can't have much time.
As soon as I've picked up you know what, I'll clear out of the country.
Be careful.
Wire to me.
- Good-bye, my dear.
- Good-bye.
is that Professor Jordan's house?
Can I speak to Mrs. Jordan then?
is that Mrs. Jordan?
He's gone to London already?
- lf you manage, I'd like hot whiskey.
- l'll get the hot water.
No, he ducked down a side street, the police went the wrong way.
The girl handed him over to us, thinking we were detectives.
We had to take her as well because he told her everything.
Very good, ma'am. I see.
Yes, ma'am.
- Well?
- The old man's got the wind up.
- He's cleared out already.
- Whatever for?
He thought it too dangerous with Hannay on the loose.
He's warning the whole 39 Steps.
- Has he got the-- you know?
- Yes.
He's picking up our friend at the London Palladium on the way out.
Here's toddy.
That will be half a crown.
- And the phone call?
- We'll say a schilling.
- ls this a hotel as well?
- Aye.
- Do you have people staying here?
- Aye.
- You get a few this time of year?
- Aye.
- Did you have anyone in tonight?
- Aye.
They weren't by any chance a young couple?
James, do not finish!
What kind of a silly creature am I married to?
Do you want to get us all jailed?
- How much did you take for these?
- Half a crown.
Out, the pair of you!
Do not let on to anybody that you got a drink here after hours.
Ohh!
You old fool.
Would you give away a young couple?
Good morning.
What's the idea?
How did we get out of these?
You didn't. I slipped out of mine last night and camped out here.
- Why didn't you run away?
- l did, but just as I was going..
I discovered that you've been speaking the truth.
I decided to stay.
May I ask what earthquake caused your brain to work at last?
Those two men were in here last night.
I overheard them telephoning.
- What did they say?
- A lot of stuff about the 39 Steps.
- You-
- Go on.
- What?
Someone's going to warn them.
How can you warn steps?
- Never mind.
Go on.
- Yes, and there was another thing.
Someone got scared and is clearing out and--
Yes, I know.
And is picking up someone at the London Palladium.
London Palladium?
What the devil?
is that the professor with half of the little finger missing?
What does he want to go there for?
I feel such a fool, not having believed you.
That's all right.
We ought to get a move on.
- What room are those two men in?
- No room.
They went as soon as they telephoned.
- They what?
- Didn't I tell you?
You let them go after hearing what they said?
- You button-headed little idiot.
- Don't talk to me like that!
Four or five precious hours wasted!
Why didn't you wake me up at once?
Even you might have realized what they said was important.
Why not leave well enough alone?
Let well alone?
Good girl, I'm accused of murder!
Can't you realize the only way I can clear myself is to expose these spies?
You still can.
The man's going to the London Palladium.
Really?
First or second house?
I'll get there five hours late!
- Fine!
The show will suit you.
- What's that?
Crazy Month!
You're quite right, madame.
The Air Ministry has got a new thing a lot of people are interested in.
But they are positive that no papers are missing about it..
that would be of any use to a spy.
I'm certain about it.
A man is leaving the country tonight with something.
Since you phoned us from Scotland this morning..
we've made the minutest inquiries.
It's obvious I'm wasting my time here.
Just a moment, miss, please.
There's one thing you haven't told us.
Where's Richard Hannay?
I haven't the faintest idea.
Look here, miss, you can't--
- You're in the telephone book?
- Yes.
If anything crops up, we'll give you a ring.
That will be all now.
Thank you.
Tell Archer and Seagrave to get another taxi and follow that girl.
She'll lead us to Hannay.
Love is a flower that blooms
Cover every exit, and on no account let anyone leave the building.
You two men go in the orchestra pit.
Ladies and gentlemen, we shall now sing.
Come on.
Move along there, please.
Come on, sir.
- No one's allowed to leave the theater.
- Can't a mate go out and have a drink?
- Ticket, please.
- l'm just looking for someone.
- Can I go through, please?
- Very good.
She's seen him.
She's on her way down to the stalls.
May I borrow your opera glasses, please?
Excuse me.
May I take your place, please?
What are you doing here?
I found him. He's up in that box.
You can't do anything about it.
I've been to Scotland Yard.
Nothing has been stolen from the Air Ministry.
They're certain about it.
You heard those men say he got in there.
There he is.
Shall we take him now or wait till the interval?
What you going to do?
There's nothing missing.
There's an end to it.
Hear that tune?
That's that damn thing I couldn't get out of my head.
Now I know where l heard it before.
Of course, that music hall.
Annabella's--
Ladies and gentlemen..
with your kind attention and permission..
I have now the honor to present to you..
one of the most remarkable men in the world.
- That's the same man.
- Every day he commits to memory..
50 new facts, and remembers every one of them.
Facts from history, from geography..
from newspapers, from scientific textbooks..
millions and millions of them down to the smallest detail.
Test him, ladies and gentlemen.
Ask him any question.
I've got it!
Of course there are no papers missing.
All the information's inside Memory's head.
Mr. Memory.
- l still don't understand.
- Don't you see?
The details of that Air Ministry secret were borrowed, memorized by this man.. memorized by this man..
and then replaced before anyone could find out.
That's why he's here: to take Memory out of the country after the show.
- Surely--
- Some gentlemen want to speak to you.
Question, please.
Question, please.
- Where's the boat race?
- When did Florence Nightingale die?
- How tall is the Empire State Building?
- Are you Richard Hannay?
- There's something you should know.
- Come along quietly.
- That man on the stage--
- Don't cause any trouble..
- and spoil people's entertainment.
- What date did General Gordon die?
What are the 39 Steps?
Come on, answer up!
What are the 39 Steps?
The 39 Steps is an organization of spies..
collecting information on behalf of the foreign office of--
Keep your seats, please!
There is no need for alarm, no cause for alarm.
- l'm all right.
- Sure you are.
I don't want a chair.
Let me rest here.
- l'm all right.
- Take it easy now.
- Take it easy.
- l'm all right.
Get the girls on straightaway!
The girls' introduction right away.
Mr. Memory, what was the secret formula..
you were taking out of the country?
Would it be all right, me telling you, sir?
It was a big job to learn it..
the biggest job I ever tackled..
- and I don't want to throw it all away.
- lt'll be quite all right.
The first feature of the new engine is..
its greatly increased ratio of compression..
represented by R minus l over R to the power of gamma..
where R represents the ratio of compression and gamma--
Seen in end elevation, the axis of the two lines of cylinders--
Angle of 65 degrees.
Dimensions of cylinders as follows--
This device renders the engine completely silent.
Am I right, sir?
Quite right, old chap.
Thank you, sir. Thank you.
I'm glad it's off my mind, at last.
Get up. Get up. Come on.
Get up there, get up there.
Come on there.
Now push hard. Get up. Push hard.
Come on. Come on, there. Come on, there.
Blimey.
Hey, Joe, what o'clock is it?
It must be nearly 11.
Eleven, and we ain't atop of Shooter's Hill yet?
- Push.
- Come on, now.
Hey. Come on.
Aye, Joe.
What do you say it is, Tom?
Well, I'd say it's a horse coming up at a canter.
Well, I say it's a horse coming up at a gallop.
Gentlemen, in the king's name, on guard, all of you.
Dover mail?
Are you the Dover mail?
Never mind what we are. What are you?
I'm a messenger from Tellson's Bank.
Stand! No nearer.
I wants Mr. Jarvis Lorry.
I've got a message for him from his bank.
Here I am. Is that Jerry Cruncher?
Right you are, sir.
Stop! Keep where you are.
It's quite all right.
Then step over and speak to him if you must, but don't let him come no nearer.
You never know these days.
What is the message, Jerry?
The message is to wait at the Royal George for mademoiselle.
She'll be at Dover.
Give this reply to the office, Jerry:
"Recalled to life. "
"Recalled to life. "
Right you are, sir.
- Did you hear the message, sir?
- I did. - What did you make of it?
- Nothing at all.
That's a coincidence too. That's what I made of it myself.
Now then, gentlemen, all together, please.
- Hot gravy, sir?
- No, no.
The young lady you were expecting, sir Miss Manette...
- Yes.
- She has arrived, sir.
- Good. It's business.
Strictly business. Of course, sir.
I'm from Tellson's Bank in London, and it is business.
Quite, quite.
I am Mr. Jarvis Lorry Jr. Of Tellson and Company, bankers.
Your humble servant, miss.
Yes, I...
I received a letter from the bank, sir informing me that some intelligence, some discovery...
The word is not material, miss, either one will do.
- Are you quite a stranger to me, sir?
- Miss Manette, I am a man of business.
Pay no more attention to me than if I were a machine.
- I am not much else.
- But I know you. I'm sure I know you.
Yes.
When you were a little girl I was instrumental in bringing you and your mother over to England.
No romance. Business, you know.
- No room for sentiment in business.
- Yes. That was 17 years ago.
Yes. I speak, miss, of that time.
Our business today has to do with your father, Dr. Manette.
- You knew him before he died?
- Before...?
Yes. Yes, he was a client of Tellson and Company's Paris bank.
I am an arm of that bank.
That is how you will regard me.
A mere mechanical arm of Tellson and Company.
Mr. Lorry, what have you come to tell me?
Now, let us suppose that your father had not died.
- Suppose...
- Don't be afraid, child.
Mr. Lorry, please do not keep me in suspense.
What is it?
If your father had not died.
If he had suddenly and silently disappeared.
If he had an enemy who caused him to be imprisoned...
I entreat you, sir. Pray... Pray, tell me.
No, no. Don't kneel, child.
In heaven's name, why should you kneel to me?
For the truth, oh, dear, good, compassionate, sir.
For the truth.
Mr. Lorry, is my father alive?
Yes, child.
- Where is he?
- You will find him greatly changed.
A wreck it is probable, though we will hope for the best.
My father.
My poor, poor father.
Now you know the best and the worst.
You will see this poor, wronged gentleman then with a fair sea voyage, and a fair land voyage...
What is the matter?
Miss Manette, my dear child.
What are you doing to my Ladybird?
I was just... I...
I... I had to tell her some news.
You took a fine manner of doing it.
You in brown, why couldn't you tell her without frightening her to death?
See what you've done to her.
You call that being a banker?
- I tried to break it as gently as I could.
- Gently?
I'd like to see you break things roughly.
Oh, my pretty. My sweet.
Pross is with you now.
No one can harm you.
My darling.
- I assure you, madam, I had no intention... - I am not "madam. "
I'm Miss Lucie's companion, and I'm Miss Pross.
But, madam, I assure you that...
- I'm all right.
- Of course you're all right.
It was a shock.
The man has no sense blurting out whatever he was blurting out as if he were calling coals.
Please, Miss Pross.
Where is my father?
He has been imprisoned at the Bastille 18 years.
Eighteen years.
Gracious creator of day.
To be buried alive for 18 years.
But I entreat you, sir, where is he now?
An old servant of his, De Farge, is taking care of him.
- But where?
Where? - In his wine shop in Paris.
You must take me to him at once.
Well, why do you stand there like a nincompoop?
You hear, don't you?
She wants to be taken to her father.
Isn't it natural she should want to see her father?
Well, I will, but...
A toast to the king's health.
- There's mud in it.
- There's food in it.
Drink, little one. Never mind the taste.
How can men bear such poverty?
Bear it?
Look, they live within the very shadow of the Bastille.
They have to bear it.
Don't do that, Jacques.
Well, there'll be blood flowing in these streets before long, De Farge.
Yes, but keep that thought in your heart, Jacques.
Don't waste it on the walls.
You're right, Jacques.
Jacques, where do you want this wood?
In the loft? Jacques, 116 from Bordeaux.
Welcome, Jacques. Come inside.
A hundred and sixteen from Bordeaux, my wife.
Well, Jacques, do you see the way the spilt wine is being sucked up?
Every drop.
Not often those poor beasts know the taste of wine or of anything but black bread and death.
It is so throughout all France.
Has he seen our tenant upstairs?
Not yet, but I'll show him.
Eighteen years imprisoned in the Bastille.
Wait till you see him.
The sight will burn into the souls of all of the name of Jacques.
Strangers. The rose.
Madame De Farge?
Recalled to life.
Yes, yes. We have some very fine old wine upstairs.
My husband will show you.
Come.
You were too young to remember me.
I was his servant.
Where...? Where is he?
Is he greatly changed?
Changed, mademoiselle.
Changed.
You lock him in?
Why? He's lived so long that way, that an open door would...
Is it possible?
All things are possible in France today just as all things will be possible later.
Don't come in to him yet.
Let us go first.
Still hard at work?
Yes, I... I'm working.
These shoes must be done.
You have a visitor, you see.
A visitor.
Show your work to monsieur.
It is a lady's shoe.
It is a young lady's walking shoe.
It is in the present mode.
I never saw the mode.
I did it from a drawing.
Dr. Manette, do you remember me?
Come, come, now. Do you remember an old friend in Tellson's Bank in London?
No.
No.
Who are you?
Who are you?
It is the same but how can it be?
It is the same but she is dead.
Yes.
My mother is dead, but I am...
Can't you feel who I am?
She had laid her head on my shoulder and when I was brought to the North Tower they found hair like this on my sleeve.
How was this?
Was it you?
I'm Lucie, her daughter.
Your daughter.
Do you think he's fit to make a journey to England?
Get him out of France for his sake, and for the sake of the Jacquerie who rescued him.
- What is this Jacquerie?
- One day you will know.
All France will know.
You're coming with me, Father.
Wait.
Wait.
Where is the place?
The brick was here by the bench.
It's gone.
- What's he looking for?
- Something he wrote in the Bastille.